README.md, before:

# Astro Starter Kit: Basics

```sh
bun create astro@latest -- --template basics
```

> 🧑‍🚀 **Seasoned astronaut?** Delete this file. Have fun!

## 🚀 Project Structure

Inside of your Astro project, you'll see the following folders and files:

```text
/
├── public/
│   └── favicon.svg
├── src
│   ├── assets
│   │   └── astro.svg
│   ├── components
│   │   └── Welcome.astro
│   ├── layouts
│   │   └── Layout.astro
│   └── pages
│       └── index.astro
└── package.json
```

To learn more about the folder structure of an Astro project, refer to [our guide on project structure](https://docs.astro.build/en/basics/project-structure/).

## 🧞 Commands

All commands are run from the root of the project, from a terminal:

| Command                   | Action                                           |
| :------------------------ | :----------------------------------------------- |
| `bun install`             | Installs dependencies                            |
| `bun dev`             | Starts local dev server at `localhost:4321`      |
| `bun build`           | Build your production site to `./dist/`          |
| `bun preview`         | Preview your build locally, before deploying     |
| `bun wrangler pages deploy` | Deploy to Cloudflare Pages                     |
| `bun astro ...`       | Run CLI commands like `astro add`, `astro check` |
| `bun astro -- --help` | Get help using the Astro CLI                     |
| `bun run add_peptides "peptide1" "peptide2"` | Add new peptide markdown files |
| `/add_peptides peptide1 peptide2` | Cursor command for adding peptides |

## 🧬 Add Peptides Command

Quickly generate peptide documentation files with comprehensive research data.

```bash
bun run add_peptides "BPC-157" "TB-500" "Ipamorelin"
```

**Or use the Cursor command:**
```
/add_peptides BPC-157 TB-500 Ipamorelin
```

See `ADD_PEPTIDES_COMMAND.md` for complete documentation.

## 👀 Want to learn more?

Feel free to check [our documentation](https://docs.astro.build) or jump into our [Discord server](https://astro.build/chat).

Commit message:

Update documentation to reflect constants as source of truth
- Update README to show add_peptides reads from constants file
- Update ADD_PEPTIDES_COMMAND.md with new workflow using CURRENT_PEPTIDE_FILES
- Remove example.md peptide file not in constants
- Document that peptides.ts is the single source of truth

README.md, after:

# Astro Starter Kit: Basics

```sh
bun create astro@latest -- --template basics
```

> 🧑‍🚀 **Seasoned astronaut?** Delete this file. Have fun!

## 🚀 Project Structure

Inside of your Astro project, you'll see the following folders and files:

```text
/
├── public/
│   └── favicon.svg
├── src
│   ├── assets
│   │   └── astro.svg
│   ├── components
│   │   └── Welcome.astro
│   ├── layouts
│   │   └── Layout.astro
│   └── pages
│       └── index.astro
└── package.json
```

To learn more about the folder structure of an Astro project, refer to [our guide on project structure](https://docs.astro.build/en/basics/project-structure/).

## 🧞 Commands

All commands are run from the root of the project, from a terminal:

| Command                   | Action                                           |
| :------------------------ | :----------------------------------------------- |
| `bun install`             | Installs dependencies                            |
| `bun dev`             | Starts local dev server at `localhost:4321`      |
| `bun build`           | Build your production site to `./dist/`          |
| `bun preview`         | Preview your build locally, before deploying     |
| `bun wrangler pages deploy` | Deploy to Cloudflare Pages                     |
| `bun astro ...`       | Run CLI commands like `astro add`, `astro check` |
| `bun astro -- --help` | Get help using the Astro CLI                     |
| `bun run add_peptides` | Generate/update peptide markdown files from constants |

## 🧬 Add Peptides Command

Automatically generate peptide documentation files with comprehensive research data.

```bash
bun run add_peptides
```

This command reads the peptide list from `src/constants/peptides.ts` (CURRENT_PEPTIDE_FILES) and generates or updates markdown files in `src/content/peptides/` with research data, dosage information, and structured frontmatter.

## 👀 Want to learn more?

Feel free to check [our documentation](https://docs.astro.build) or jump into our [Discord server](https://astro.build/chat).
