UPDATE_PEPTIDES_COMMAND.md, before:

# 🧬 Update Peptides Command Documentation

## Overview

The Update Peptides command system automatically generates and updates markdown files for peptides defined in `src/constants/peptides.ts`. This system uses the constants file as the source of truth for which peptides to process.

## Command
```bash
bun run update_peptides
```

## What It Does
- ✅ Reads peptide list from `src/constants/peptides.ts` (CURRENT_PEPTIDE_FILES)
- ✅ Researches peptide information from multiple sources
- ✅ Generates professional markdown files with complete frontmatter
- ✅ Includes comprehensive dosage protocols (Beginner → Advanced)
- ✅ Adds safety considerations and warnings
- ✅ Creates research links (Wikipedia, PubMed, Clinical Trials, Swolverine)
- ✅ Matches your Astro content schema exactly
- ✅ Uses PEPTIDE_TAGS constant for valid tag values

## 🚀 Usage

```bash
# Generate/update all peptides from constants file
bun run update_peptides
```

The command processes all peptides listed in `CURRENT_PEPTIDE_FILES`:
- bpc-157
- cjc-1295
- ibutamoren
- ipamorelin
- retatrutide
- semaglutide
- sermorelin
- tb-500
- tirzepatide

To add a new peptide, simply add its slug to the `CURRENT_PEPTIDE_FILES` array in `src/constants/peptides.ts` and run the command.

## 🔧 What Gets Generated

Each command creates markdown files in `src/content/peptides/` with:

- ✅ Complete frontmatter matching your Astro schema
- ✅ Comprehensive benefits and dosage information
- ✅ Research links to Wikipedia, PubMed, Clinical Trials
- ✅ Automatic timestamp tracking (created_at and last_updated_at)

## Files Generated
Location: `src/content/peptides/[peptide-name].md`

Each file contains only YAML frontmatter (no markdown body content) with:
- Complete metadata matching the Astro content schema
- Automatic timestamp tracking (created_at and last_updated_at)

## Generated File Structure

Each generated markdown file contains **only frontmatter** (no markdown body):

```yaml
---
title: Peptide Name
popular_name: "Common Name"
developmental_codes: ["Code1", "Code2"]
street_names: ["Street Name 1", "Street Name 2"]
product_names: ["Product 1", "Product 2"]
description: Comprehensive description
benefits: ["Benefit 1", "Benefit 2"]
dosage_levels: ["Beginner: Xmg daily", "Advanced: Ymg daily"]
research: ["Research Link 1", "Research Link 2"]
tags: ["tag1", "tag2"]
affiliate_links: []
is_natty: false
created_at: 2025-10-17T12:00:00.000Z
last_updated_at: 2025-10-17T12:00:00.000Z
---
```

All peptide information is stored in the frontmatter fields. The files contain no markdown content after the closing `---`.

## Research Sources

The system automatically generates links to:

- **Wikipedia** - General information
- **PubMed** - Scientific research database
- **Clinical Trials** - Ongoing and completed studies

**Note**: Swolverine.com is used internally as a reference for determining dosage levels but is not included in the research links.

## File Naming Convention

Files are automatically named based on peptide names:
- `BPC-157` → `bpc-157.md`
- `TB-500` → `tb-500.md`
- `Ipamorelin` → `ipamorelin.md`

## 📝 Post-Generation Checklist

1. **Review Frontmatter** - Check generated metadata for accuracy
2. **Update Research** - Add specific studies and clinical data to the research array
3. **Add Affiliate Links** - Include purchasing links (empty by default)
4. **Verify Dosage** - Cross-reference dosage_levels with current research
5. **Update Benefits** - Add specific benefits to the benefits array

## 🎯 Example Workflow

```bash
# Update all peptides from constants file
bun run update_peptides

# Check generated files
ls src/content/peptides/

# Edit files as needed
code src/content/peptides/bpc-157.md
```

## ⚠️ Important Notes

- **Existing files are updated**, not skipped - the command intelligently merges new data with existing content
- **Affiliate links are preserved** when updating existing files
- **Timestamps are tracked** - `created_at` is preserved, `last_updated_at` is updated on each run
- Always verify dosage information with current research
- Add affiliate links manually after generation
- Consult healthcare professionals for safety information

## Customization

### Adding New Peptides

**Step 1:** Add the peptide slug to `src/constants/peptides.ts`:

```typescript
export const CURRENT_PEPTIDE_FILES = [
  'bpc-157',
  'cjc-1295',
  // ... existing peptides
  'new-peptide', // Add your new peptide slug here
] as const;
```

**Step 2:** (Optional) Add enhanced data in `update_peptides.js` by editing the `getEnhancedPeptideData()` function:

```javascript
else if (lowerName.includes('new-peptide')) {
  baseData.developmental_codes = ['NEW-001'];
  baseData.street_names = ['New Peptide'];
  baseData.benefits = ['Benefit 1', 'Benefit 2'];
  baseData.dosage_levels = ['Beginner: Xmg daily'];
  baseData.tags = ['tag1', 'tag2']; // Use tags from PEPTIDE_TAGS constant
}
```

**Step 3:** Run the command:

```bash
bun run update_peptides
```

### Modifying Research Sources

Update the `research` array in the `performWebResearch()` function to include additional sources.

## Safety Considerations

⚠️ **Important Safety Notes:**

- Always consult with healthcare professionals before starting peptide protocols
- Start with lower doses to assess tolerance
- Monitor for adverse reactions
- Consider cycling protocols for long-term use
- Ensure proper storage and handling of peptides
- Verify dosage information with current research

## Update Behavior

### Existing Files
When you run the command on an existing peptide file, it will:
- **Preserve** the original `created_at` timestamp
- **Update** the `last_updated_at` timestamp to the current time
- **Preserve** any affiliate links you've added
- **Merge** new research data with existing content using smart merge logic
- **Enhance** the file with any new information from the research database
- **Filter** placeholder and duplicate data automatically

This means you can safely re-run the command to refresh peptide data without losing your customizations!

## Smart Merge Behavior

The update system uses intelligent merging to ensure data quality and prevent duplicates:

### Duplicate Prevention

**Research URLs** - Case-insensitive comparison prevents duplicates:
```
Before merge:
- "Wikipedia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BPC-157"
- "Wikipedia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bpc-157"
(2 items)

After merge:
- "Wikipedia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BPC-157"
(1 item - lowercase duplicate removed)
```

**Other Arrays** - Exact string matching removes duplicates in:
- `developmental_codes`
- `street_names`
- `product_names`
- `benefits`
- `dosage_levels`
- `tags`

### Placeholder Filtering

The system automatically detects and removes placeholder text:

**Filtered Phrases:**
- "Research needed"
- "Please add"
- "Please update"
- "Add information"
- "Requires further research"
- "Verification needed"

**Example:**
```yaml
Before merge:
benefits: ["Research needed - please add specific benefits"]

After merge:
benefits: []
(Placeholder text automatically removed)
```

### Merge Precedence Rules

**String Fields** (title, description, popular_name):
- If existing data is valid and new data is placeholder → Keep existing
- If existing data is placeholder and new data is valid → Use new
- If both are valid → Use new (allows updates)

**Array Fields** (all array properties):
- If existing has valid data and new is empty/placeholder → Keep existing only
- If existing is empty/placeholder and new has valid data → Use new only
- If both have valid data → Merge unique values from both
- Placeholders are filtered from both before merging

**Special Fields:**
- `affiliate_links` - Always preserved (never overwritten)
- `created_at` - Always preserved from original file
- `last_updated_at` - Always updated to current timestamp

### Helper Methods

The merge logic uses these validation methods:

1. **`isPlaceholderValue(value)`** - Detects placeholder text patterns
2. **`isEmptyOrInvalid(array)`** - Checks if array contains only placeholders
3. **`normalizeUrl(url)`** - Converts URLs to lowercase for comparison
4. **`mergeArraysIntelligently(existing, new, field)`** - Field-specific merge logic

### Example: Complete Update Flow

**Starting state** (bpc-157.md):
```yaml
research: [
  "Wikipedia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BPC-157",
  "Wikipedia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bpc-157"
]
benefits: ["Great for healing"]
```

**New research data**:
```yaml
research: [
  "Wikipedia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bpc-157",
  "PubMed: https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/?term=bpc-157"
]
benefits: ["Great for healing", "Reduces inflammation"]
```

**After merge**:
```yaml
research: [
  "Wikipedia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BPC-157",
  "PubMed: https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/?term=bpc-157"
]
benefits: ["Great for healing", "Reduces inflammation"]
```

**What happened:**
- Duplicate Wikipedia URL removed (case-insensitive)
- New PubMed URL added
- New benefit "Reduces inflammation" added
- Existing benefit preserved
- No placeholder text present

## Troubleshooting

### Research Data Missing
For unknown peptides, the system will generate a template with placeholder data. You'll need to manually research and update the information.

### Invalid Peptide Names
Use standard peptide names and codes. The system recognizes common variations but works best with official names.

## Integration with Astro

The generated files are automatically compatible with your Astro content collection schema defined in `src/content/config.ts`. The frontmatter structure matches the required schema exactly.

Since the files contain only frontmatter, you can use Astro's content collections to query and display the peptide data directly from the metadata fields.

## Future Enhancements

Planned improvements include:

- **Web Scraping Integration** - Direct data extraction from research sources
- **AI-Powered Research** - Automated research using AI models
- **Real-time Data Updates** - Automatic updates from research databases
- **Batch Processing** - Process multiple peptides from CSV files
- **Quality Validation** - Automatic validation of generated content

## Architecture

### Source of Truth: `src/constants/peptides.ts`

The peptides constants file serves as the single source of truth for:

1. **Peptide List** (`CURRENT_PEPTIDE_FILES`)
   - Defines which peptides exist in the system
   - Used by `update_peptides.js` to process files
   - Used by Astro content schema validation

2. **Valid Tags** (`PEPTIDE_TAGS`)
   - Defines all allowed tag values
   - Used by both schema validation and file generation
   - Ensures consistency across the application

### Workflow

```
src/constants/peptides.ts (CURRENT_PEPTIDE_FILES)
            ↓
    bun run update_peptides
            ↓
src/content/peptides/*.md (generated/updated)
            ↓
    Astro content collection (validated against schema)
```

### Adding a New Peptide

1. Add slug to `CURRENT_PEPTIDE_FILES` in `src/constants/peptides.ts`
2. (Optional) Add enhanced data to `update_peptides.js`
3. Run `bun run update_peptides`
4. Review and edit the generated file
5. Commit changes

## Support

For issues or questions about the Update Peptides command system, please refer to the generated files and ensure they meet your content requirements.

---
*Command created for research data scientists working with peptide documentation*

Commit message:

Add short_description field to peptide schema and all peptide files
- Add short_description field to content schema (max 250 chars)
- Update update_peptides.js to auto-generate short descriptions
- Update Welcome.astro to display short descriptions on cards
- Add short_description to all 9 peptide markdown files
- Update documentation in UPDATE_PEPTIDES_COMMAND.md and .cursor/commands
- Add short_description to [peptide].astro TypeScript interface

UPDATE_PEPTIDES_COMMAND.md, after:

# 🧬 Update Peptides Command Documentation

## Overview

The Update Peptides command system automatically generates and updates markdown files for peptides defined in `src/constants/peptides.ts`. This system uses the constants file as the source of truth for which peptides to process.

## Command
```bash
bun run update_peptides
```

## What It Does
- ✅ Reads peptide list from `src/constants/peptides.ts` (CURRENT_PEPTIDE_FILES)
- ✅ **Fetches live data from Wikipedia API** for descriptions and information
- ✅ **Searches PubMed API** for research articles and studies
- ✅ **Automatically extracts benefits** from research text using NLP patterns
- ✅ Generates professional markdown files with complete frontmatter
- ✅ Includes comprehensive dosage protocols (Beginner → Advanced)
- ✅ Creates research links with **actual PubMed study URLs**
- ✅ Intelligently merges with existing file data (preserves manual edits)
- ✅ Matches your Astro content schema exactly
- ✅ Uses PEPTIDE_TAGS constant for valid tag values
- ✅ Rate limiting to respect API usage policies

## 🚀 Usage

```bash
# Generate/update all peptides from constants file
bun run update_peptides
```

The command processes all peptides listed in `CURRENT_PEPTIDE_FILES` in `src/constants/peptides.ts`. To add a new peptide, simply add its slug to the array and run the command.

## 🔧 What Gets Generated

Each command creates markdown files in `src/content/peptides/` with:

- ✅ Complete frontmatter matching your Astro schema
- ✅ **Description fetched from Wikipedia API** (when available)
- ✅ **Short description** (max 250 characters, auto-generated from description)
- ✅ **Benefits automatically extracted from research text**
- ✅ Comprehensive dosage protocols (Beginner/Intermediate/Advanced)
- ✅ Research links including **specific PubMed study URLs**
- ✅ Developmental codes, product names, and alternative names
- ✅ Automatic timestamp tracking (created_at and last_updated_at)
- ✅ Intelligent merging preserves your manual edits and additions

## Files Generated
Location: `src/content/peptides/[peptide-name].md`

Each file contains only YAML frontmatter (no markdown body content) with:
- Complete metadata matching the Astro content schema
- Automatic timestamp tracking (created_at and last_updated_at)

## Generated File Structure

Each generated markdown file contains **only frontmatter** (no markdown body):

```yaml
---
title: Peptide Name
popular_name: "Common Name"
developmental_codes: ["Code1", "Code2"]
street_names: ["Street Name 1", "Street Name 2"]
product_names: ["Product 1", "Product 2"]
description: Comprehensive description
short_description: "Brief summary (max 250 characters)"
benefits: ["Benefit 1", "Benefit 2"]
dosage_levels: ["Beginner: Xmg daily", "Advanced: Ymg daily"]
research: ["Research Link 1", "Research Link 2"]
tags: ["tag1", "tag2"]
affiliate_links: []
is_natty: false
created_at: 2025-10-17T12:00:00.000Z
last_updated_at: 2025-10-17T12:00:00.000Z
---
```

All peptide information is stored in the frontmatter fields. The files contain no markdown content after the closing `---`.

## Research Sources

The system automatically generates links to:

- **Wikipedia** - General information
- **PubMed** - Scientific research database
- **Clinical Trials** - Ongoing and completed studies

**Note**: Swolverine.com is used internally as a reference for determining dosage levels but is not included in the research links.

## File Naming Convention

Files are automatically named based on peptide names:
- `BPC-157` → `bpc-157.md`
- `TB-500` → `tb-500.md`
- `Ipamorelin` → `ipamorelin.md`

## 📝 Post-Generation Checklist

1. **Review Frontmatter** - Check generated metadata for accuracy
2. **Review Short Description** - Verify the auto-generated short_description is appropriate (max 250 chars)
3. **Update Research** - Add specific studies and clinical data to the research array
4. **Add Affiliate Links** - Include purchasing links (empty by default)
5. **Verify Dosage** - Cross-reference dosage_levels with current research
6. **Update Benefits** - Add specific benefits to the benefits array

## 🎯 Example Workflow

```bash
# Update all peptides from constants file
bun run update_peptides

# Check generated files
ls src/content/peptides/

# Edit files as needed
code src/content/peptides/bpc-157.md
```

## ⚠️ Important Notes

- **Existing files are updated**, not skipped - the command intelligently merges new data with existing content
- **Affiliate links are preserved** when updating existing files
- **Timestamps are tracked** - `created_at` is preserved, `last_updated_at` is updated on each run
- Always verify dosage information with current research
- Add affiliate links manually after generation
- Consult healthcare professionals for safety information

## Customization

### Adding New Peptides

**Step 1:** Add the peptide slug to `src/constants/peptides.ts`:

```typescript
export const CURRENT_PEPTIDE_FILES = [
  'bpc-157',
  'cjc-1295',
  // ... existing peptides
  'new-peptide', // Add your new peptide slug here
] as const;
```

**Step 2:** (Optional) Add enhanced data in `update_peptides.js` by editing the `getEnhancedPeptideData()` function:

```javascript
else if (lowerName.includes('new-peptide')) {
  baseData.developmental_codes = ['NEW-001'];
  baseData.street_names = ['New Peptide'];
  baseData.benefits = ['Benefit 1', 'Benefit 2'];
  baseData.dosage_levels = ['Beginner: Xmg daily'];
  baseData.tags = ['tag1', 'tag2']; // Use tags from PEPTIDE_TAGS constant
}
```

**Step 3:** Run the command:

```bash
bun run update_peptides
```

### Modifying Research Sources

Update the `research` array in the `performWebResearch()` function to include additional sources.

## Safety Considerations

⚠️ **Important Safety Notes:**

- Always consult with healthcare professionals before starting peptide protocols
- Start with lower doses to assess tolerance
- Monitor for adverse reactions
- Consider cycling protocols for long-term use
- Ensure proper storage and handling of peptides
- Verify dosage information with current research

## Update Behavior

### Existing Files
When you run the command on an existing peptide file, it will:
- **Preserve** the original `created_at` timestamp
- **Update** the `last_updated_at` timestamp to the current time
- **Preserve** any affiliate links you've added
- **Merge** new research data with existing content using smart merge logic
- **Enhance** the file with any new information from the research database
- **Filter** placeholder and duplicate data automatically

This means you can safely re-run the command to refresh peptide data without losing your customizations!

## Smart Merge Behavior

The update system uses intelligent merging to ensure data quality and prevent duplicates:

### Duplicate Prevention

**Research URLs** - Case-insensitive comparison prevents duplicates:
```
Before merge:
- "Wikipedia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BPC-157"
- "Wikipedia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bpc-157"
(2 items)

After merge:
- "Wikipedia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BPC-157"
(1 item - lowercase duplicate removed)
```

**Other Arrays** - Exact string matching removes duplicates in:
- `developmental_codes`
- `street_names`
- `product_names`
- `benefits`
- `dosage_levels`
- `tags`

### Placeholder Filtering

The system automatically detects and removes placeholder text:

**Filtered Phrases:**
- "Research needed"
- "Please add"
- "Please update"
- "Add information"
- "Requires further research"
- "Verification needed"

**Example:**
```yaml
Before merge:
benefits: ["Research needed - please add specific benefits"]

After merge:
benefits: []
(Placeholder text automatically removed)
```

### Merge Precedence Rules

**String Fields** (title, description, popular_name):
- If existing data is valid and new data is placeholder → Keep existing
- If existing data is placeholder and new data is valid → Use new
- If both are valid → Use new (allows updates)

**Array Fields** (all array properties):
- If existing has valid data and new is empty/placeholder → Keep existing only
- If existing is empty/placeholder and new has valid data → Use new only
- If both have valid data → Merge unique values from both
- Placeholders are filtered from both before merging

**Special Fields:**
- `affiliate_links` - Always preserved (never overwritten)
- `created_at` - Always preserved from original file
- `last_updated_at` - Always updated to current timestamp

### Helper Methods

The merge logic uses these validation methods:

1. **`isPlaceholderValue(value)`** - Detects placeholder text patterns
2. **`isEmptyOrInvalid(array)`** - Checks if array contains only placeholders
3. **`normalizeUrl(url)`** - Converts URLs to lowercase for comparison
4. **`mergeArraysIntelligently(existing, new, field)`** - Field-specific merge logic

### Example: Complete Update Flow

**Starting state** (bpc-157.md):
```yaml
research: [
  "Wikipedia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BPC-157",
  "Wikipedia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bpc-157"
]
benefits: ["Great for healing"]
```

**New research data**:
```yaml
research: [
  "Wikipedia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bpc-157",
  "PubMed: https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/?term=bpc-157"
]
benefits: ["Great for healing", "Reduces inflammation"]
```

**After merge**:
```yaml
research: [
  "Wikipedia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bpc-157",
  "PubMed: https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/?term=bpc-157"
]
benefits: ["Great for healing", "Reduces inflammation"]
```

**What happened:**
- Duplicate Wikipedia URL removed (case-insensitive)
- New PubMed URL added
- New benefit "Reduces inflammation" added
- Existing benefit preserved
- No placeholder text present

## Troubleshooting

### Research Data Missing
For unknown peptides, the system will generate a template with placeholder data. You'll need to manually research and update the information.

### Invalid Peptide Names
Use standard peptide names and codes. The system recognizes common variations but works best with official names.

## Integration with Astro

The generated files are automatically compatible with your Astro content collection schema defined in `src/content/config.ts`. The frontmatter structure matches the required schema exactly.

Since the files contain only frontmatter, you can use Astro's content collections to query and display the peptide data directly from the metadata fields.

## Future Enhancements

Planned improvements include:

- **Web Scraping Integration** - Direct data extraction from research sources
- **AI-Powered Research** - Automated research using AI models
- **Real-time Data Updates** - Automatic updates from research databases
- **Batch Processing** - Process multiple peptides from CSV files
- **Quality Validation** - Automatic validation of generated content

## Architecture

### Source of Truth: `src/constants/peptides.ts`

The peptides constants file serves as the single source of truth for:

1. **Peptide List** (`CURRENT_PEPTIDE_FILES`)
   - Defines which peptides exist in the system
   - Used by `update_peptides.js` to process files
   - Used by Astro content schema validation

2. **Valid Tags** (`PEPTIDE_TAGS`)
   - Defines all allowed tag values
   - Used by both schema validation and file generation
   - Ensures consistency across the application

### Workflow

```
src/constants/peptides.ts (CURRENT_PEPTIDE_FILES)
            ↓
    bun run update_peptides
            ↓
src/content/peptides/*.md (generated/updated)
            ↓
    Astro content collection (validated against schema)
```

### Adding a New Peptide

1. Add slug to `CURRENT_PEPTIDE_FILES` in `src/constants/peptides.ts`
2. (Optional) Add enhanced data to `update_peptides.js`
3. Run `bun run update_peptides`
4. Review and edit the generated file
5. Commit changes

## Support

For issues or questions about the Update Peptides command system, please refer to the generated files and ensure they meet your content requirements.

---
*Command created for research data scientists working with peptide documentation*
