src/content/peptides/bpc-157.md, before:

---
title: bpc-157
popular_name: "bpc-157"
developmental_codes: ["BPC-157"]
street_names: ["Body Protection Compound", "BPC"]
product_names: ["BPC-157 Peptide", "Body Protection Compound"]
description: ""
short_description: "Research compound known for accelerated tissue healing, gut health support, and powerful anti-inflammatory effects for recovery."
benefits: ["Accelerated tissue healing and repair", "Improved gut health and digestive function", "Enhanced joint and tendon recovery", "Powerful anti-inflammatory effects", "Reduced muscle soreness and recovery time", "Improved blood vessel formation"]
dosage_levels: ["Beginner: 200-300mcg daily (subcutaneous)", "Intermediate: 300-500mcg daily (subcutaneous)", "Advanced: 500-1000mcg daily (subcutaneous)", "Injury recovery: 500-1000mcg daily for 4-8 weeks"]
research: ["wikipedia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bpc-157", "pubmed: https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/?term=bpc-157", "clinical trials: https://clinicaltrials.gov/search?term=bpc-157", "pubmed study: https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/40789979/", "pubmed study: https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/40759852/"]
tags: ["healing", "recovery", "subcutaneous"]
affiliate_links: []
is_natty: false
created_at: 2025-10-17T08:25:41.099Z
last_updated_at: 2025-10-19T03:35:54.989Z
---

Commit message:

Add TB-500 and IGF-1 LR3 peptide documentation with research-backed information

src/content/peptides/bpc-157.md, after:

---
title: bpc-157
popular_name: "bpc-157"
developmental_codes: ["BPC-157"]
street_names: ["Body Protection Compound", "BPC"]
product_names: ["BPC-157 Peptide", "Body Protection Compound"]
description: "BPC-157 (Body Protection Compound-157) is a synthetic 15-amino acid pentadecapeptide derived from a protective protein found in human gastric juice. It works by promoting angiogenesis (new blood vessel formation), enhancing growth hormone receptor expression, and reducing inflammatory cytokines. Primarily researched for accelerating tissue repair, wound healing, gut health, and musculoskeletal injury recovery. BPC-157 has shown robust regenerative and cytoprotective effects in preclinical animal studies, particularly for tendon, ligament, muscle injuries, and gastrointestinal disorders. However, human clinical evidence remains extremely limited with only three small pilot studies conducted to date. It is not FDA-approved for therapeutic use and is classified as a prohibited substance by the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA). While generally well-tolerated in animal studies, quality control concerns exist as it remains an unregulated compound. BPC-157 is considered investigational and requires more comprehensive human clinical trials to establish safety, efficacy, and proper clinical applications."
short_description: "Synthetic peptide from gastric juice promoting tissue repair, gut healing, and anti-inflammatory effects. Strong animal evidence, limited human trials. Not FDA-approved."
benefits: ["Accelerated tissue healing and repair", "Improved gut health and digestive function", "Enhanced joint and tendon recovery", "Powerful anti-inflammatory effects", "Reduced muscle soreness and recovery time", "Improved blood vessel formation and angiogenesis", "Protection against NSAID-induced gastric damage", "Enhanced wound healing and collagen formation", "Potential neuroprotective effects", "Improved ligament and muscle healing"]
dosage_levels: ["Subcutaneous - Beginner: 200-250mcg daily, split into 2 doses (100-125mcg each, 12 hours apart)", "Subcutaneous - Intermediate: 300-400mcg daily, split into 2 doses (150-200mcg each, 12 hours apart)", "Subcutaneous - Acute injury: 400-500mcg daily for 2-4 weeks, then reduce to maintenance", "Oral - General: 500-1000mcg daily (lower bioavailability, better for gut issues)", "Cycle: 4-8 weeks on, 2-4 weeks off", "Weight-based: 2.5-3.75mcg per kg body weight, taken twice daily"]
research: ["wikipedia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bpc-157", "pubmed: https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/?term=bpc-157", "clinical trials: https://clinicaltrials.gov/search?term=bpc-157", "systematic review - musculoskeletal healing: https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC12313605/", "narrative review - regeneration or risk: https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/40789979/", "gastric cytoprotection: https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/40759852/", "wound healing mechanisms: https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC8275860/", "tendon healing study: https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/21030672/", "safety evaluation: https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/40131143/"]
tags: ["healing", "recovery", "subcutaneous", "gut health", "anti-inflammatory", "tissue repair"]
affiliate_links: []
is_natty: true
created_at: 2025-10-17T08:25:41.099Z
last_updated_at: 2025-10-19T03:35:54.989Z
---
