src/content/peptides/cjc-1295.md, before:

---
title: cjc-1295
popular_name: "CJC-1295"
developmental_codes: ["CJC-1295", "DAC:GRF"]
street_names: ["CJC", "CJC-1295", "Modified GRF 1-29"]
product_names: ["CJC-1295 with DAC", "CJC-1295 without DAC", "Modified GRF 1-29"]
description: "CJC-1295 is a synthetic analogue of growth hormone-releasing hormone (GHRH) and growth hormone secretagogue developed by ConjuChem Biotechnologies. Two distinct forms exist: CJC-1295 WITH DAC (Drug Affinity Complex) features covalent albumin binding extending half-life to 5.8-8.1 days, while CJC-1295 WITHOUT DAC (Modified GRF 1-29) has 30-minute to 2-hour half-life requiring multiple daily doses. WITH DAC version binds to GHRH receptors in pituitary, activating G-proteins and increasing cAMP/IP3 production, resulting in 2-10 fold GH increases for 6+ days and 1.5-3 fold IGF-1 increases for 9-11 days after single injection. After multiple doses, IGF-1 remains elevated for 28 days. Phase 2 clinical trials for HIV-associated lipodystrophy and growth hormone deficiency showed sustained, dose-dependent GH/IGF-1 increases with good tolerability at 30-60 mcg/kg doses. Development discontinued following patient death during trials (attributed to unrelated coronary artery disease), though research terminated as precaution. Critical safety concerns include cardiovascular risks: FDA warns of increased heart rate, systemic vasodilation, flushing, transient hypotension. Elevated GH/IGF-1 can cause cardiac hypertrophy, fluid retention, increased blood pressure, particularly dangerous for pre-existing cardiovascular conditions. Not FDA-approved; classified as Investigational New Drug available only for research. Removed from FDA Category 2 list September 2024, making it eligible for Pharmacy Compounding Advisory Committee review. Banned by WADA for competitive sports. DAC version typically dosed 1-2x weekly, non-DAC version requires daily or twice-daily dosing."
short_description: "GHRH analog with extended half-life (6-8 days with DAC). 2-10x GH increase for 6+ days. Phase 2 trials discontinued after death. Cardiovascular risks. Not FDA-approved."
benefits: ["2-10 fold increase in GH for 6+ days (single dose with DAC)", "1.5-3 fold IGF-1 increase sustained 9-11 days", "IGF-1 remains elevated 28 days after multiple doses", "Extended half-life (5.8-8.1 days with DAC) allows weekly dosing", "Safe and well-tolerated at 30-60 mcg/kg in clinical trials", "Normalized growth parameters in animal models with daily dosing", "Preserved pulsatile GH secretion patterns vs exogenous GH", "Proteomic changes suggesting metabolic improvements", "Potential body composition improvements", "Subcutaneous administration"]
dosage_levels: ["CJC-1295 WITH DAC: 30-60 mcg/kg once or twice weekly (clinical trial dose)", "CJC-1295 WITH DAC: 1-2mg per week (typical subcutaneous dose)", "CJC-1295 WITHOUT DAC (Modified GRF 1-29): 100-200mcg 1-3x daily", "WITHOUT DAC: Requires daily or twice-daily dosing due to 30min-2hr half-life", "WITH DAC: Weekly dosing sufficient due to 6-8 day half-life", "Stack with GHRP peptides (e.g., Ipamorelin) for synergistic effects", "Cardiovascular screening required before use", "Not recommended for those with pre-existing heart conditions"]
research: [{ summary: "Wikipedia article", url: "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CJC-1295" }, { summary: "PubMed database search", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/?term=cjc-1295" }, { summary: "Clinical trials search", url: "https://clinicaltrials.gov/search?term=cjc-1295" }, { summary: "Phase 2 clinical trial efficacy results", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/16352683/" }, { summary: "Proteomic changes study", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/19386527/" }, { summary: "Animal model efficacy research", url: "https://journals.physiology.org/doi/full/10.1152/ajpendo.00201.2006" }, { summary: "Doping control detection methods", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/38197510/" }, { summary: "GHRH detection methods", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/37806509/" }]
tags: ["growth hormone", "GHRH", "subcutaneous"]
affiliate_links: []
is_natty: true
created_at: 2025-10-17T08:25:41.104Z
last_updated_at: 2025-10-19T03:35:56.788Z
---

Commit message:

Add application_methods and what_it_does fields to peptides
- Add application_methods array field for delivery methods (oral, subcutaneous, intramuscular)
- Add what_it_does string field for layman's explanation of peptide effects
- Update schema, TypeScript interface, and UI components
- Update all 11 peptide markdown files with field values
- Enhance update_peptides.js with smart merge logic for new fields
- Display what_it_does as prominent full-width hero section
- Display full description as collapsible card below

src/content/peptides/cjc-1295.md, after:

---
title: cjc-1295
popular_name: "CJC-1295"
developmental_codes: ["CJC-1295", "DAC:GRF"]
street_names: ["CJC", "CJC-1295", "Modified GRF 1-29"]
product_names: ["CJC-1295 with DAC", "CJC-1295 without DAC", "Modified GRF 1-29"]
description: "CJC-1295 is a synthetic analogue of growth hormone-releasing hormone (GHRH) and growth hormone secretagogue developed by ConjuChem Biotechnologies. Two distinct forms exist: CJC-1295 WITH DAC (Drug Affinity Complex) features covalent albumin binding extending half-life to 5.8-8.1 days, while CJC-1295 WITHOUT DAC (Modified GRF 1-29) has 30-minute to 2-hour half-life requiring multiple daily doses. WITH DAC version binds to GHRH receptors in pituitary, activating G-proteins and increasing cAMP/IP3 production, resulting in 2-10 fold GH increases for 6+ days and 1.5-3 fold IGF-1 increases for 9-11 days after single injection. After multiple doses, IGF-1 remains elevated for 28 days. Phase 2 clinical trials for HIV-associated lipodystrophy and growth hormone deficiency showed sustained, dose-dependent GH/IGF-1 increases with good tolerability at 30-60 mcg/kg doses. Development discontinued following patient death during trials (attributed to unrelated coronary artery disease), though research terminated as precaution. Critical safety concerns include cardiovascular risks: FDA warns of increased heart rate, systemic vasodilation, flushing, transient hypotension. Elevated GH/IGF-1 can cause cardiac hypertrophy, fluid retention, increased blood pressure, particularly dangerous for pre-existing cardiovascular conditions. Not FDA-approved; classified as Investigational New Drug available only for research. Removed from FDA Category 2 list September 2024, making it eligible for Pharmacy Compounding Advisory Committee review. Banned by WADA for competitive sports. DAC version typically dosed 1-2x weekly, non-DAC version requires daily or twice-daily dosing."
short_description: "GHRH analog with extended half-life (6-8 days with DAC). 2-10x GH increase for 6+ days. Phase 2 trials discontinued after death. Cardiovascular risks. Not FDA-approved."
benefits: ["2-10 fold increase in GH for 6+ days (single dose with DAC)", "1.5-3 fold IGF-1 increase sustained 9-11 days", "IGF-1 remains elevated 28 days after multiple doses", "Extended half-life (5.8-8.1 days with DAC) allows weekly dosing", "Safe and well-tolerated at 30-60 mcg/kg in clinical trials", "Normalized growth parameters in animal models with daily dosing", "Preserved pulsatile GH secretion patterns vs exogenous GH", "Proteomic changes suggesting metabolic improvements", "Potential body composition improvements", "Subcutaneous administration"]
dosage_levels: ["CJC-1295 WITH DAC: 30-60 mcg/kg once or twice weekly (clinical trial dose)", "CJC-1295 WITH DAC: 1-2mg per week (typical subcutaneous dose)", "CJC-1295 WITHOUT DAC (Modified GRF 1-29): 100-200mcg 1-3x daily", "WITHOUT DAC: Requires daily or twice-daily dosing due to 30min-2hr half-life", "WITH DAC: Weekly dosing sufficient due to 6-8 day half-life", "Stack with GHRP peptides (e.g., Ipamorelin) for synergistic effects", "Cardiovascular screening required before use", "Not recommended for those with pre-existing heart conditions"]
application_methods: ["Subcutaneous injection"]
what_it_does: "CJC-1295 stimulates your body to produce more growth hormone continuously over several days (with DAC) or in pulses (without DAC). The with-DAC version maintains elevated growth hormone and IGF-1 levels for up to a week from a single injection, improving body composition and recovery."
research: [{ summary: "Wikipedia article", url: "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CJC-1295" }, { summary: "PubMed database search", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/?term=cjc-1295" }, { summary: "Clinical trials search", url: "https://clinicaltrials.gov/search?term=cjc-1295" }, { summary: "Phase 2 clinical trial efficacy results", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/16352683/" }, { summary: "Proteomic changes study", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/19386527/" }, { summary: "Animal model efficacy research", url: "https://journals.physiology.org/doi/full/10.1152/ajpendo.00201.2006" }, { summary: "Doping control detection methods", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/38197510/" }, { summary: "GHRH detection methods", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/37806509/" }]
tags: ["growth hormone", "GHRH", "subcutaneous"]
affiliate_links: []
is_natty: true
created_at: 2025-10-17T08:25:41.104Z
last_updated_at: 2025-10-19T03:35:56.788Z
---
