src/content/peptides/ibutamoren.md, before:

---
title: ibutamoren
popular_name: "Ibutamoren"
developmental_codes: ["MK-677", "Ibutamoren"]
street_names: ["Ibutamoren", "MK-677", "Nutrobal"]
product_names: ["Ibutamoren Mesylate", "MK-677"]
description: "Ibutamoren (MK-677) is a potent, long-acting, orally-active, selective non-peptide agonist of the ghrelin receptor (GHS-R1a) and growth hormone secretagogue. It mimics ghrelin's action by binding to receptors in the hypothalamus and pituitary gland, increasing growth hormone secretion by 50-97% and significantly elevating IGF-1 levels while preserving natural pulsatile GH secretion patterns. Clinical trials in elderly populations demonstrated significant increases in lean body mass (1.1 kg gain vs 0.5 kg loss with placebo over 12 months), improved bone mineral density, and enhanced markers of bone formation. Notable for dramatically improving sleep quality with 20-50% increases in REM sleep and 50% increases in slow-wave sleep. However, ibutamoren consistently impairs glucose metabolism, causing fasting blood glucose elevation, decreased insulin sensitivity, and increased HbA1c in multiple trials, leading to dose reductions or discontinuation. One clinical trial was terminated due to serious adverse events including cardiovascular concerns and congestive heart failure cases in elderly patients. Not FDA-approved and development appears discontinued due to safety concerns, particularly cardiovascular risks and metabolic effects. Common side effects include increased appetite, water retention, insulin resistance, and potential increased cancer risk from elevated IGF-1. Recommended 8-12 week cycles at 10-25mg daily, typically taken before bed for sleep benefits."
short_description: "Oral ghrelin receptor agonist boosting GH/IGF-1 and sleep quality. Causes insulin resistance and glucose issues. Not FDA-approved, development discontinued."
benefits: ["GH secretion increased 50-97% above baseline", "Significant IGF-1 elevation with preserved pulsatile secretion", "Lean body mass increase (1.1 kg over 12 months in elderly)", "Improved bone mineral density and bone formation markers", "Dramatic sleep improvement (20-50% increase in REM sleep)", "50% increase in slow-wave sleep in young subjects", "Enhanced recovery and tissue healing", "Improved skin, hair, and nail quality", "Increased appetite (can be beneficial or adverse)", "Oral administration (no injections required)"]
dosage_levels: ["Low dose: 10-15mg daily (ideal for sleep, longevity, first-time users)", "Moderate dose: 20-25mg daily (clinical trial standard, body recomposition)", "High dose: 30mg+ daily (advanced users, not recommended due to side effects)", "Timing - Before bed: Maximizes sleep benefits, reduces daytime hunger", "Timing - Morning: Increases appetite throughout day (useful for bulking)", "Cycle duration: 8-12 weeks recommended, up to 16 weeks for intermediate", "Half-life: 24 hours (once daily dosing sufficient)", "Monitor fasting glucose and insulin sensitivity during use"]
research: [{ summary: "Wikipedia article", url: "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ibutamoren" }, { summary: "PubMed database search", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/?term=ibutamoren" }, { summary: "Clinical trials search", url: "https://clinicaltrials.gov/search?term=ibutamoren" }, { summary: "Elderly trial on body composition effects", url: "https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC2757071/" }, { summary: "Hair detection study for doping control", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/40882886/" }, { summary: "Illegal medicines analysis", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/40551438/" }, { summary: "Diabetes case report", url: "https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC9331610/" }, { summary: "Ghrelin pathway therapeutic potential review", url: "https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5412382/" }]
tags: ["growth hormone", "muscle gain", "sleep", "bone density", "anti-aging", "oral"]
affiliate_links: []
is_natty: true
created_at: 2025-10-17T08:26:21.285Z
last_updated_at: 2025-10-19T03:35:58.591Z
---

Commit message:

Add application_methods and what_it_does fields to peptides
- Add application_methods array field for delivery methods (oral, subcutaneous, intramuscular)
- Add what_it_does string field for layman's explanation of peptide effects
- Update schema, TypeScript interface, and UI components
- Update all 11 peptide markdown files with field values
- Enhance update_peptides.js with smart merge logic for new fields
- Display what_it_does as prominent full-width hero section
- Display full description as collapsible card below

src/content/peptides/ibutamoren.md, after:

---
title: ibutamoren
popular_name: "MK-677"
developmental_codes: ["MK-677", "Ibutamoren"]
street_names: ["Ibutamoren", "MK-677", "Nutrobal"]
product_names: ["Ibutamoren Mesylate", "MK-677"]
description: "Ibutamoren (MK-677) is a potent, long-acting, orally-active, selective non-peptide agonist of the ghrelin receptor (GHS-R1a) and growth hormone secretagogue. It mimics ghrelin's action by binding to receptors in the hypothalamus and pituitary gland, increasing growth hormone secretion by 50-97% and significantly elevating IGF-1 levels while preserving natural pulsatile GH secretion patterns. Clinical trials in elderly populations demonstrated significant increases in lean body mass (1.1 kg gain vs 0.5 kg loss with placebo over 12 months), improved bone mineral density, and enhanced markers of bone formation. Notable for dramatically improving sleep quality with 20-50% increases in REM sleep and 50% increases in slow-wave sleep. However, ibutamoren consistently impairs glucose metabolism, causing fasting blood glucose elevation, decreased insulin sensitivity, and increased HbA1c in multiple trials, leading to dose reductions or discontinuation. One clinical trial was terminated due to serious adverse events including cardiovascular concerns and congestive heart failure cases in elderly patients. Not FDA-approved and development appears discontinued due to safety concerns, particularly cardiovascular risks and metabolic effects. Common side effects include increased appetite, water retention, insulin resistance, and potential increased cancer risk from elevated IGF-1. Recommended 8-12 week cycles at 10-25mg daily, typically taken before bed for sleep benefits."
short_description: "Oral ghrelin receptor agonist boosting GH/IGF-1 and sleep quality. Causes insulin resistance and glucose issues. Not FDA-approved, development discontinued."
benefits: ["GH secretion increased 50-97% above baseline", "Significant IGF-1 elevation with preserved pulsatile secretion", "Lean body mass increase (1.1 kg over 12 months in elderly)", "Improved bone mineral density and bone formation markers", "Dramatic sleep improvement (20-50% increase in REM sleep)", "50% increase in slow-wave sleep in young subjects", "Enhanced recovery and tissue healing", "Improved skin, hair, and nail quality", "Increased appetite (can be beneficial or adverse)", "Oral administration (no injections required)"]
dosage_levels: ["Low dose: 10-15mg daily (ideal for sleep, longevity, first-time users)", "Moderate dose: 20-25mg daily (clinical trial standard, body recomposition)", "High dose: 30mg+ daily (advanced users, not recommended due to side effects)", "Timing - Before bed: Maximizes sleep benefits, reduces daytime hunger", "Timing - Morning: Increases appetite throughout day (useful for bulking)", "Cycle duration: 8-12 weeks recommended, up to 16 weeks for intermediate", "Half-life: 24 hours (once daily dosing sufficient)", "Monitor fasting glucose and insulin sensitivity during use"]
application_methods: ["Oral"]
what_it_does: "Ibutamoren mimics the hunger hormone ghrelin, telling your body to release more growth hormone naturally. This leads to better sleep quality, increased muscle mass, and improved recovery, though it can cause increased appetite and blood sugar issues."
research: [{ summary: "Wikipedia article", url: "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ibutamoren" }, { summary: "PubMed database search", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/?term=ibutamoren" }, { summary: "Clinical trials search", url: "https://clinicaltrials.gov/search?term=ibutamoren" }, { summary: "Elderly trial on body composition effects", url: "https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC2757071/" }, { summary: "Hair detection study for doping control", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/40882886/" }, { summary: "Illegal medicines analysis", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/40551438/" }, { summary: "Diabetes case report", url: "https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC9331610/" }, { summary: "Ghrelin pathway therapeutic potential review", url: "https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5412382/" }]
tags: ["growth hormone", "muscle gain", "sleep", "bone density", "anti-aging", "oral"]
affiliate_links: []
is_natty: true
created_at: 2025-10-17T08:26:21.285Z
last_updated_at: 2025-10-19T03:35:58.591Z
---
