src/content/peptides/igf-1lr3.md, before:

---
title: igf-1lr3
popular_name: "IGF-1 LR3"
developmental_codes: ["IGF-1 LR3", "Long R3 IGF-1", "Long Arg3 IGF-1"]
street_names: ["IGF-1 LR3", "LR3", "Long R3"]
product_names: ["IGF-1 LR3 Peptide", "Long R3 Insulin-Like Growth Factor", "IGF-1 Long Arg3"]
description: "IGF-1 LR3 (Long Arg3 Insulin-Like Growth Factor-1) is a synthetic 83-amino acid analog of human insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1), engineered with an arginine substitution at position 3 and an additional 13 amino acids at the N-terminus. These structural modifications significantly reduce its binding affinity to IGF-binding proteins (IGFBPs), resulting in an extended half-life of approximately 20-30 hours (compared to native IGF-1's ~10 minutes) and roughly three times greater biological potency than endogenous IGF-1. The peptide functions by binding to IGF-1 receptors (IGF-1R) on various cell types, initiating complex intracellular signaling cascades through the PI3K/Akt and MAPK/ERK pathways that promote cellular proliferation, differentiation, protein synthesis, and cell survival while inhibiting apoptosis. IGF-1 LR3 has been extensively studied in preclinical research for its powerful anabolic effects, including stimulation of muscle hypertrophy through satellite cell activation, enhanced nitrogen retention and protein synthesis, accelerated tissue repair and regeneration, improved fat metabolism and lean mass development, potential neuroprotective effects through neurogenesis and synaptic plasticity, and metabolic benefits through enhanced glucose uptake in muscle and adipose tissue. Due to its structural similarity to insulin, it also demonstrates some insulin-like metabolic effects. However, IGF-1 LR3 carries significant risks including hypoglycemia (especially with continuous high dosing), potential increased cancer risk due to cellular proliferation effects, muscle and joint pain, and other side effects. It is not FDA-approved for therapeutic use, is classified as a prohibited substance by the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA), and remains strictly designated for research purposes only. The compound requires careful handling, proper reconstitution with bacteriostatic water, and refrigerated storage."
short_description: "Synthetic long-acting IGF-1 analog with 3x potency and 20-30 hour half-life. Promotes muscle growth, tissue repair, and fat metabolism. Not FDA-approved, significant risks."
benefits: ["Powerful muscle growth and hypertrophy stimulation", "Enhanced protein synthesis and nitrogen retention", "Accelerated tissue repair and regeneration", "Improved fat metabolism and body composition", "Faster recovery from training and injuries", "Activation of muscle satellite cells for growth", "Enhanced cellular proliferation and survival", "Potential neuroprotective and cognitive benefits", "Improved glucose uptake and metabolism", "Reduced muscle breakdown and catabolism"]
dosage_levels: ["Research Beginner: 20-40mcg daily, typically post-workout", "Research Intermediate: 40-60mcg daily, split into 1-2 doses", "Research Advanced: 60-100mcg daily, split into 2 doses", "Intramuscular or subcutaneous injection", "Cycle length: typically 4-6 weeks maximum", "Often injected bilaterally into muscles being trained", "Post-workout timing common due to enhanced nutrient uptake", "Minimum 4-6 week break between cycles recommended", "Reconstitute with bacteriostatic water or acetic acid", "Store reconstituted solution at 2-8°C, use within 14-30 days"]
research: [{ summary: "PubMed search for IGF-1 LR3", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/?term=IGF-1+LR3" }, { summary: "PubMed search for Long R3 IGF", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/?term=long+r3+insulin-like+growth+factor" }, { summary: "Muscle growth study", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/11500945/" }, { summary: "IGF-1 receptor signaling pathways", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/11836274/" }, { summary: "IGF-1 and muscle regeneration research", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/14665680/" }, { summary: "Neuroprotective effects study", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/15142175/" }, { summary: "Metabolic effects research", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/12788931/" }, { summary: "IGF-1 half-life and pharmacokinetics", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/8070593/" }, { summary: "Cancer risk considerations", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/15166357/" }]
tags: ["muscle gain", "recovery", "growth hormone", "injectable", "subcutaneous", "intramuscular"]
affiliate_links: []
is_natty: true
created_at: 2025-10-19T08:15:00.000Z
last_updated_at: 2025-10-19T08:15:00.000Z
---

Commit message:

Add application_methods and what_it_does fields to peptides
- Add application_methods array field for delivery methods (oral, subcutaneous, intramuscular)
- Add what_it_does string field for layman's explanation of peptide effects
- Update schema, TypeScript interface, and UI components
- Update all 11 peptide markdown files with field values
- Enhance update_peptides.js with smart merge logic for new fields
- Display what_it_does as prominent full-width hero section
- Display full description as collapsible card below

src/content/peptides/igf-1lr3.md, after:

---
title: igf-1lr3
popular_name: "IGF-1 LR3"
developmental_codes: ["IGF-1 LR3", "Long R3 IGF-1", "Long Arg3 IGF-1"]
street_names: ["IGF-1 LR3", "LR3", "Long R3"]
product_names: ["IGF-1 LR3 Peptide", "Long R3 Insulin-Like Growth Factor", "IGF-1 Long Arg3"]
description: "IGF-1 LR3 (Long Arg3 Insulin-Like Growth Factor-1) is a synthetic 83-amino acid analog of human insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1), engineered with an arginine substitution at position 3 and an additional 13 amino acids at the N-terminus. These structural modifications significantly reduce its binding affinity to IGF-binding proteins (IGFBPs), resulting in an extended half-life of approximately 20-30 hours (compared to native IGF-1's ~10 minutes) and roughly three times greater biological potency than endogenous IGF-1. The peptide functions by binding to IGF-1 receptors (IGF-1R) on various cell types, initiating complex intracellular signaling cascades through the PI3K/Akt and MAPK/ERK pathways that promote cellular proliferation, differentiation, protein synthesis, and cell survival while inhibiting apoptosis. IGF-1 LR3 has been extensively studied in preclinical research for its powerful anabolic effects, including stimulation of muscle hypertrophy through satellite cell activation, enhanced nitrogen retention and protein synthesis, accelerated tissue repair and regeneration, improved fat metabolism and lean mass development, potential neuroprotective effects through neurogenesis and synaptic plasticity, and metabolic benefits through enhanced glucose uptake in muscle and adipose tissue. Due to its structural similarity to insulin, it also demonstrates some insulin-like metabolic effects. However, IGF-1 LR3 carries significant risks including hypoglycemia (especially with continuous high dosing), potential increased cancer risk due to cellular proliferation effects, muscle and joint pain, and other side effects. It is not FDA-approved for therapeutic use, is classified as a prohibited substance by the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA), and remains strictly designated for research purposes only. The compound requires careful handling, proper reconstitution with bacteriostatic water, and refrigerated storage."
short_description: "Synthetic long-acting IGF-1 analog with 3x potency and 20-30 hour half-life. Promotes muscle growth, tissue repair, and fat metabolism. Not FDA-approved, significant risks."
benefits: ["Powerful muscle growth and hypertrophy stimulation", "Enhanced protein synthesis and nitrogen retention", "Accelerated tissue repair and regeneration", "Improved fat metabolism and body composition", "Faster recovery from training and injuries", "Activation of muscle satellite cells for growth", "Enhanced cellular proliferation and survival", "Potential neuroprotective and cognitive benefits", "Improved glucose uptake and metabolism", "Reduced muscle breakdown and catabolism"]
dosage_levels: ["Research Beginner: 20-40mcg daily, typically post-workout", "Research Intermediate: 40-60mcg daily, split into 1-2 doses", "Research Advanced: 60-100mcg daily, split into 2 doses", "Intramuscular or subcutaneous injection", "Cycle length: typically 4-6 weeks maximum", "Often injected bilaterally into muscles being trained", "Post-workout timing common due to enhanced nutrient uptake", "Minimum 4-6 week break between cycles recommended", "Reconstitute with bacteriostatic water or acetic acid", "Store reconstituted solution at 2-8°C, use within 14-30 days"]
application_methods: ["Subcutaneous injection", "Intramuscular injection"]
what_it_does: "IGF-1 LR3 is a modified version of insulin-like growth factor that lasts much longer in your body. It stimulates muscle cells to grow and multiply, speeds up protein building, and helps burn fat, making it extremely powerful for muscle growth but with significant risks including low blood sugar."
research: [{ summary: "PubMed search for IGF-1 LR3", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/?term=IGF-1+LR3" }, { summary: "PubMed search for Long R3 IGF", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/?term=long+r3+insulin-like+growth+factor" }, { summary: "Muscle growth study", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/11500945/" }, { summary: "IGF-1 receptor signaling pathways", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/11836274/" }, { summary: "IGF-1 and muscle regeneration research", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/14665680/" }, { summary: "Neuroprotective effects study", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/15142175/" }, { summary: "Metabolic effects research", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/12788931/" }, { summary: "IGF-1 half-life and pharmacokinetics", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/8070593/" }, { summary: "Cancer risk considerations", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/15166357/" }]
tags: ["muscle gain", "recovery", "growth hormone", "injectable", "subcutaneous", "intramuscular"]
affiliate_links: []
is_natty: true
created_at: 2025-10-19T08:15:00.000Z
last_updated_at: 2025-10-19T08:15:00.000Z
---
