src/content/peptides/ipamorelin.md, before:

---
title: ipamorelin
popular_name: "Ipamorelin"
developmental_codes: ["Ipamorelin", "NNC 26-0161"]
street_names: ["Ipa", "Ipamorelin"]
product_names: ["Ipamorelin Acetate", "Ipamorelin Peptide"]
description: "Ipamorelin is a synthetic pentapeptide (Aib-His-D-2-Nal-D-Phe-Lys-NH2) selective agonist of the ghrelin/growth hormone secretagogue receptor (GHS-R1a) derived from GHRP-1. Highly selective for GH release without affecting cortisol, prolactin, ACTH, or acetylcholine at any dose (even 200-fold above ED50), distinguishing it from GHRP-2/GHRP-6. Binds to GHSR on pituitary somatotroph cells, activating phospholipase C (PLC) to generate IP3 and DAG, mobilizing intracellular calcium and activating protein kinase C for GH vesicle exocytosis. Preclinical studies showed dose-dependent increases in GH levels, longitudinal bone growth, and body weight gain in rats, though IGF-1 levels and bone markers remained unchanged. Phase 2 clinical trials for post-operative ileus failed to show efficacy (no reduction in time to first meal vs placebo). Limited clinical data on body composition effects in humans despite theoretical benefits. Typical dosing: 100-300mcg subcutaneously 1-3x daily, preferably on empty stomach. Best timing: pre-bed (aligns with natural GH surge, improves sleep quality), split dosing (AM fasted + pre-bed) for enhanced pulsatility. Users report improved sleep quality within 2-4 weeks, with body composition changes over 3-6 months. Cycling protocol: 8-12 weeks on, with 5-days-on/2-days-off weekly pattern to prevent receptor desensitization. Minimal side effects: injection site reactions, mild headache, nausea (typically resolve in 1-2 weeks). Does not suppress endogenous hormone production. Not FDA-approved; removed from FDA Category 2 compounding list September 2024 due to nominator withdrawal. FDA recommended against inclusion in 503A Bulks Regulation October 2024 due to insufficient safety data. No longer available for compounding. Banned by WADA for competitive sports."
short_description: "Selective GHS-R1a agonist pentapeptide. No cortisol/prolactin effects. Phase 2 trial failed. Not FDA-approved, removed from compounding list 2024. Limited human data."
benefits: ["Highly selective GH release without cortisol or prolactin elevation", "No effect on ACTH, acetylcholine, or aldosterone", "Minimal side effects compared to GHRP-2/GHRP-6", "Improved sleep quality (deeper, more restorative sleep)", "Does not suppress endogenous hormone production", "Dose-dependent GH stimulation in preclinical studies", "Enhanced longitudinal bone growth and body weight in animal models", "Injection site flexibility (subcutaneous administration)", "Reduced cisplatin-induced weight loss by 24% (animal study)", "Theoretical body composition benefits (limited human data)"]
dosage_levels: ["Standard dose: 100-300mcg per injection, 1-3x daily (subcutaneous)", "Beginners/anti-aging: 200mcg once daily at bedtime", "Fat loss/general support: 200-300mcg twice daily (AM + pre-bed)", "Performance/recovery: 300mcg three times daily (AM + post-workout + pre-bed)", "Timing: On empty stomach, 30-60 min before/after meals", "Best time: 2 hours before bedtime for sleep and natural GH alignment", "Split dosing: Space 6-8 hours apart to mimic natural GH pulses", "Cycle: 8-12 weeks on, with 5-days-on/2-days-off weekly pattern", "Results timeline: Sleep improvements 2-4 weeks, body composition 3-6 months"]
research: [{ summary: "Wikipedia article", url: "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ipamorelin" }, { summary: "PubMed database search", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/?term=ipamorelin" }, { summary: "Clinical trials search", url: "https://clinicaltrials.gov/search?term=ipamorelin" }, { summary: "First selective GHS characterization study", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/9849822/" }, { summary: "Bone growth in rats research", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/10373343/" }, { summary: "Cisplatin-induced weight loss study", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/39043357/" }, { summary: "Hypothalamic-pituitary-testicular axis effects", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/38996787/" }, { summary: "Comprehensive GHS review", url: "https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1002/rco2.9" }]
tags: ["growth hormone", "sleep", "GHS", "selective agonist", "anti-aging", "subcutaneous"]
affiliate_links: []
is_natty: true
created_at: 2025-10-17T08:25:41.104Z
last_updated_at: 2025-10-19T03:36:00.394Z
---

Commit message:

Add application_methods and what_it_does fields to peptides
- Add application_methods array field for delivery methods (oral, subcutaneous, intramuscular)
- Add what_it_does string field for layman's explanation of peptide effects
- Update schema, TypeScript interface, and UI components
- Update all 11 peptide markdown files with field values
- Enhance update_peptides.js with smart merge logic for new fields
- Display what_it_does as prominent full-width hero section
- Display full description as collapsible card below

src/content/peptides/ipamorelin.md, after:

---
title: ipamorelin
popular_name: "Ipamorelin"
developmental_codes: ["Ipamorelin", "NNC 26-0161"]
street_names: ["Ipa", "Ipamorelin"]
product_names: ["Ipamorelin Acetate", "Ipamorelin Peptide"]
description: "Ipamorelin is a synthetic pentapeptide (Aib-His-D-2-Nal-D-Phe-Lys-NH2) selective agonist of the ghrelin/growth hormone secretagogue receptor (GHS-R1a) derived from GHRP-1. Highly selective for GH release without affecting cortisol, prolactin, ACTH, or acetylcholine at any dose (even 200-fold above ED50), distinguishing it from GHRP-2/GHRP-6. Binds to GHSR on pituitary somatotroph cells, activating phospholipase C (PLC) to generate IP3 and DAG, mobilizing intracellular calcium and activating protein kinase C for GH vesicle exocytosis. Preclinical studies showed dose-dependent increases in GH levels, longitudinal bone growth, and body weight gain in rats, though IGF-1 levels and bone markers remained unchanged. Phase 2 clinical trials for post-operative ileus failed to show efficacy (no reduction in time to first meal vs placebo). Limited clinical data on body composition effects in humans despite theoretical benefits. Typical dosing: 100-300mcg subcutaneously 1-3x daily, preferably on empty stomach. Best timing: pre-bed (aligns with natural GH surge, improves sleep quality), split dosing (AM fasted + pre-bed) for enhanced pulsatility. Users report improved sleep quality within 2-4 weeks, with body composition changes over 3-6 months. Cycling protocol: 8-12 weeks on, with 5-days-on/2-days-off weekly pattern to prevent receptor desensitization. Minimal side effects: injection site reactions, mild headache, nausea (typically resolve in 1-2 weeks). Does not suppress endogenous hormone production. Not FDA-approved; removed from FDA Category 2 compounding list September 2024 due to nominator withdrawal. FDA recommended against inclusion in 503A Bulks Regulation October 2024 due to insufficient safety data. No longer available for compounding. Banned by WADA for competitive sports."
short_description: "Selective GHS-R1a agonist pentapeptide. No cortisol/prolactin effects. Phase 2 trial failed. Not FDA-approved, removed from compounding list 2024. Limited human data."
benefits: ["Highly selective GH release without cortisol or prolactin elevation", "No effect on ACTH, acetylcholine, or aldosterone", "Minimal side effects compared to GHRP-2/GHRP-6", "Improved sleep quality (deeper, more restorative sleep)", "Does not suppress endogenous hormone production", "Dose-dependent GH stimulation in preclinical studies", "Enhanced longitudinal bone growth and body weight in animal models", "Injection site flexibility (subcutaneous administration)", "Reduced cisplatin-induced weight loss by 24% (animal study)", "Theoretical body composition benefits (limited human data)"]
dosage_levels: ["Standard dose: 100-300mcg per injection, 1-3x daily (subcutaneous)", "Beginners/anti-aging: 200mcg once daily at bedtime", "Fat loss/general support: 200-300mcg twice daily (AM + pre-bed)", "Performance/recovery: 300mcg three times daily (AM + post-workout + pre-bed)", "Timing: On empty stomach, 30-60 min before/after meals", "Best time: 2 hours before bedtime for sleep and natural GH alignment", "Split dosing: Space 6-8 hours apart to mimic natural GH pulses", "Cycle: 8-12 weeks on, with 5-days-on/2-days-off weekly pattern", "Results timeline: Sleep improvements 2-4 weeks, body composition 3-6 months"]
application_methods: ["Subcutaneous injection"]
what_it_does: "Ipamorelin tells your pituitary gland to release growth hormone in a very targeted way, without triggering other hormones like cortisol or prolactin. This results in better sleep, improved recovery, and potential body composition benefits with minimal side effects."
research: [{ summary: "Wikipedia article", url: "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ipamorelin" }, { summary: "PubMed database search", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/?term=ipamorelin" }, { summary: "Clinical trials search", url: "https://clinicaltrials.gov/search?term=ipamorelin" }, { summary: "First selective GHS characterization study", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/9849822/" }, { summary: "Bone growth in rats research", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/10373343/" }, { summary: "Cisplatin-induced weight loss study", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/39043357/" }, { summary: "Hypothalamic-pituitary-testicular axis effects", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/38996787/" }, { summary: "Comprehensive GHS review", url: "https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1002/rco2.9" }]
tags: ["growth hormone", "sleep", "GHS", "selective agonist", "anti-aging", "subcutaneous"]
affiliate_links: []
is_natty: true
created_at: 2025-10-17T08:25:41.104Z
last_updated_at: 2025-10-19T03:36:00.394Z
---
