src/content/peptides/retatrutide.md, before:

---
title: retatrutide
popular_name: "Retatrutide"
developmental_codes: ["Retatrutide", "GIP/GLP-1/Glucagon triple agonist"]
street_names: ["Retatrutide"]
product_names: ["Retatrutide"]
description: "Retatrutide (LY-3437943) is an investigational triple receptor agonist developed by Eli Lilly that simultaneously activates GLP-1 (glucagon-like peptide-1), GIP (glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide), and glucagon receptors. This unique triple-agonist mechanism promotes superior weight loss compared to single or dual agonists by combining appetite suppression, enhanced insulin secretion, improved glucose homeostasis, and increased energy expenditure. Phase 2 trials demonstrated exceptional efficacy with 24.2% mean weight reduction at 48 weeks (12mg dose), significantly outperforming tirzepatide (~21%) and semaglutide (~15%). Beyond weight loss, retatrutide shows promise for treating type 2 diabetes, metabolic-associated steatohepatitis (MASH/NAFLD), with 90% of patients achieving liver fat normalization at highest doses. Currently advancing through Phase 3 TRIUMPH clinical trials (5,800+ participants) for obesity, obstructive sleep apnea, and knee osteoarthritis. Not FDA-approved; investigational use only. Common side effects include dose-dependent gastrointestinal issues (nausea, vomiting, diarrhea) that typically diminish over time, plus modest heart rate increases (5-10 bpm). Gradual dose titration over 12-16 weeks minimizes adverse events, with 16% discontinuation rate at highest dose versus 6% at lowest dose."
short_description: "Triple receptor agonist (GLP-1/GIP/glucagon) with superior weight loss (24% in trials) vs tirzepatide/semaglutide. Phase 3 trials. Not FDA-approved."
benefits: ["Exceptional weight loss (24% at 48 weeks, highest among GLP-1 class)", "Powerful appetite suppression and reduced food intake", "Enhanced metabolic rate and energy expenditure via glucagon activation", "Improved glucose homeostasis and HbA1c reduction (-1.2% vs placebo)", "Liver fat normalization (90% of patients at high doses)", "Improved insulin sensitivity and secretion", "Reduced LDL cholesterol (~20%), triglycerides, and VLDL", "Lower systolic blood pressure", "Potential MASH/NAFLD reversal", "Treatment for obesity-related conditions (OSA, knee OA)"]
dosage_levels: ["Phase 2 protocol - Week 1-4: 2mg once weekly (subcutaneous)", "Phase 2 protocol - Week 5-8: 4mg once weekly", "Phase 2 protocol - Week 9-12: 8mg once weekly", "Phase 2 protocol - Week 13+: 12mg once weekly (maximum dose)", "Alternative titration: 1mg → 2mg → 4mg → 6mg → 8mg (escalate every 4 weeks)", "Maintenance range: 4-12mg weekly depending on response and tolerability", "Lower starting dose (2mg vs 4mg) reduces GI side effects"]
research: [{ summary: "Wikipedia article", url: "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/retatrutide" }, { summary: "PubMed database search", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/?term=retatrutide" }, { summary: "Clinical trials search", url: "https://clinicaltrials.gov/search?term=retatrutide" }, { summary: "Phase 2 trial published in NEJM", url: "https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMoa2301972" }, { summary: "TRIUMPH phase 3 trials rationale", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/41090431/" }, { summary: "Steatohepatitis preclinical study", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/41056349/" }, { summary: "Systematic review and meta-analysis", url: "https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC12026077/" }, { summary: "Structural insights into triple agonism", url: "https://www.nature.com/articles/s41421-024-00700-0" }, { summary: "MASH/NAFLD clinical trial", url: "https://www.nature.com/articles/s41591-024-03018-2" }]
tags: ["fat loss", "weight loss", "triple agonist", "metabolic health", "diabetes", "subcutaneous"]
affiliate_links: []
is_natty: true
created_at: 2025-10-17T08:26:21.285Z
last_updated_at: 2025-10-19T03:36:02.184Z
---

Commit message:

Add application_methods and what_it_does fields to peptides
- Add application_methods array field for delivery methods (oral, subcutaneous, intramuscular)
- Add what_it_does string field for layman's explanation of peptide effects
- Update schema, TypeScript interface, and UI components
- Update all 11 peptide markdown files with field values
- Enhance update_peptides.js with smart merge logic for new fields
- Display what_it_does as prominent full-width hero section
- Display full description as collapsible card below

src/content/peptides/retatrutide.md, after:

---
title: retatrutide
popular_name: "Retatrutide"
developmental_codes: ["Retatrutide", "GIP/GLP-1/Glucagon triple agonist"]
street_names: ["Retatrutide"]
product_names: ["Retatrutide"]
description: "Retatrutide (LY-3437943) is an investigational triple receptor agonist developed by Eli Lilly that simultaneously activates GLP-1 (glucagon-like peptide-1), GIP (glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide), and glucagon receptors. This unique triple-agonist mechanism promotes superior weight loss compared to single or dual agonists by combining appetite suppression, enhanced insulin secretion, improved glucose homeostasis, and increased energy expenditure. Phase 2 trials demonstrated exceptional efficacy with 24.2% mean weight reduction at 48 weeks (12mg dose), significantly outperforming tirzepatide (~21%) and semaglutide (~15%). Beyond weight loss, retatrutide shows promise for treating type 2 diabetes, metabolic-associated steatohepatitis (MASH/NAFLD), with 90% of patients achieving liver fat normalization at highest doses. Currently advancing through Phase 3 TRIUMPH clinical trials (5,800+ participants) for obesity, obstructive sleep apnea, and knee osteoarthritis. Not FDA-approved; investigational use only. Common side effects include dose-dependent gastrointestinal issues (nausea, vomiting, diarrhea) that typically diminish over time, plus modest heart rate increases (5-10 bpm). Gradual dose titration over 12-16 weeks minimizes adverse events, with 16% discontinuation rate at highest dose versus 6% at lowest dose."
short_description: "Triple receptor agonist (GLP-1/GIP/glucagon) with superior weight loss (24% in trials) vs tirzepatide/semaglutide. Phase 3 trials. Not FDA-approved."
benefits: ["Exceptional weight loss (24% at 48 weeks, highest among GLP-1 class)", "Powerful appetite suppression and reduced food intake", "Enhanced metabolic rate and energy expenditure via glucagon activation", "Improved glucose homeostasis and HbA1c reduction (-1.2% vs placebo)", "Liver fat normalization (90% of patients at high doses)", "Improved insulin sensitivity and secretion", "Reduced LDL cholesterol (~20%), triglycerides, and VLDL", "Lower systolic blood pressure", "Potential MASH/NAFLD reversal", "Treatment for obesity-related conditions (OSA, knee OA)"]
dosage_levels: ["Phase 2 protocol - Week 1-4: 2mg once weekly (subcutaneous)", "Phase 2 protocol - Week 5-8: 4mg once weekly", "Phase 2 protocol - Week 9-12: 8mg once weekly", "Phase 2 protocol - Week 13+: 12mg once weekly (maximum dose)", "Alternative titration: 1mg → 2mg → 4mg → 6mg → 8mg (escalate every 4 weeks)", "Maintenance range: 4-12mg weekly depending on response and tolerability", "Lower starting dose (2mg vs 4mg) reduces GI side effects"]
application_methods: ["Subcutaneous injection"]
what_it_does: "Retatrutide activates three different hormone systems at once (GLP-1, GIP, and glucagon) to suppress appetite, improve blood sugar control, and boost your metabolism. This triple action produces the most powerful weight loss effects seen in this class of medications."
research: [{ summary: "Wikipedia article", url: "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/retatrutide" }, { summary: "PubMed database search", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/?term=retatrutide" }, { summary: "Clinical trials search", url: "https://clinicaltrials.gov/search?term=retatrutide" }, { summary: "Phase 2 trial published in NEJM", url: "https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMoa2301972" }, { summary: "TRIUMPH phase 3 trials rationale", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/41090431/" }, { summary: "Steatohepatitis preclinical study", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/41056349/" }, { summary: "Systematic review and meta-analysis", url: "https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC12026077/" }, { summary: "Structural insights into triple agonism", url: "https://www.nature.com/articles/s41421-024-00700-0" }, { summary: "MASH/NAFLD clinical trial", url: "https://www.nature.com/articles/s41591-024-03018-2" }]
tags: ["fat loss", "weight loss", "triple agonist", "metabolic health", "diabetes", "subcutaneous"]
affiliate_links: []
is_natty: true
created_at: 2025-10-17T08:26:21.285Z
last_updated_at: 2025-10-19T03:36:02.184Z
---
