src/content/peptides/semaglutide.md, before:

---
title: semaglutide
popular_name: "Semaglutide"
developmental_codes: ["Semaglutide", "GLP-1 agonist"]
street_names: ["Semaglutide", "Ozempic", "Wegovy"]
product_names: ["Ozempic", "Wegovy", "Rybelsus"]
description: "Semaglutide is an FDA-approved GLP-1 receptor agonist with 94% structural homology to human GLP-1, manufactured by Novo Nordisk as Ozempic (diabetes, 0.25-2mg weekly injection), Wegovy (obesity, up to 2.4mg weekly injection), and Rybelsus (diabetes, 3-14mg daily oral). Activates GLP-1 receptors in the gastrointestinal tract, pancreas, and brain to reduce appetite, delay gastric emptying, increase insulin release, and lower glucagon secretion. STEP trials demonstrated 14.9-17.4% mean weight loss at 68 weeks (2.4mg dose), with 69-79% achieving ≥10% weight loss. STEP UP trial showed 20.7% weight loss with 7.2mg dose at 72 weeks. SELECT cardiovascular outcomes trial showed 20% reduction in major adverse cardiac events (HR 0.80) in patients with obesity and preexisting cardiovascular disease but without diabetes. FDA-approved March 2024 for reducing cardiovascular death, heart attack, and stroke risk. Also approved for metabolic-associated steatohepatitis (MASH). Most common side effects are gastrointestinal (nausea affecting up to 20%, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation), typically transient and mild-to-moderate. Notable concerns include possible gastroparesis, 85% increased risk of non-arteritic anterior ischemic optic neuropathy (NAION), and thyroid cancer warnings from rodent studies (though human incidence <1%). Available in both injection (89% bioavailability) and oral forms (0.4-1% bioavailability). Gradual titration over 12-16 weeks minimizes gastrointestinal side effects."
short_description: "FDA-approved GLP-1 agonist (Ozempic/Wegovy/Rybelsus) with 15-21% weight loss and 20% cardiovascular risk reduction. Nausea common, NAION risk noted."
benefits: ["Weight loss 14.9-20.7% depending on dose (STEP trials)", "69-79% achieve ≥10% weight loss, 51-64% achieve ≥15%", "20% reduction in major adverse cardiovascular events (SELECT trial)", "Reduced cardiovascular death, heart attack, and stroke risk", "Improved blood glucose control and HbA1c reduction", "Enhanced insulin sensitivity and reduced glucagon", "Delayed gastric emptying and appetite suppression", "Benefits in heart failure patients (HR 0.72 for MACE)", "Metabolic-associated steatohepatitis (MASH) treatment", "Available in oral (Rybelsus) and injectable forms"]
dosage_levels: ["Injectable - Week 1-4: 0.25mg once weekly (subcutaneous)", "Injectable - Week 5-8: 0.5mg once weekly", "Injectable - Week 9-12: 1.0mg once weekly", "Injectable - Week 13+: 2.0mg (Ozempic) or 2.4mg (Wegovy) maximum", "Injectable - Higher dose: 7.2mg weekly (experimental, 20.7% weight loss)", "Oral Rybelsus - Days 1-30: 3mg daily on empty stomach", "Oral Rybelsus - Days 31-60: 7mg daily", "Oral Rybelsus - Day 61+: 14mg daily maximum", "Take oral form with ≤4oz water, wait 30 min before eating", "Gradual titration over 12-16 weeks reduces GI side effects"]
research: [{ summary: "Wikipedia article", url: "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/semaglutide" }, { summary: "PubMed database search", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/?term=semaglutide" }, { summary: "Clinical trials search", url: "https://clinicaltrials.gov/search?term=semaglutide" }, { summary: "STEP 1 trial weight loss results", url: "https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMoa2032183" }, { summary: "SELECT trial cardiovascular outcomes", url: "https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMoa2307563" }, { summary: "STEP program comprehensive review", url: "https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/00325481.2022.2147326" }, { summary: "NAION vision risk study", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/41104517/" }, { summary: "Carpal tunnel surgery outcomes", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/41105066/" }, { summary: "StatPearls comprehensive review", url: "https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK603723/" }]
tags: ["fat loss", "weight loss", "cardiovascular", "diabetes", "oral", "subcutaneous"]
affiliate_links: []
is_natty: true
created_at: 2025-10-17T08:26:21.285Z
last_updated_at: 2025-10-19T03:36:04.003Z
---

Commit message:

Add application_methods and what_it_does fields to peptides
- Add application_methods array field for delivery methods (oral, subcutaneous, intramuscular)
- Add what_it_does string field for layman's explanation of peptide effects
- Update schema, TypeScript interface, and UI components
- Update all 11 peptide markdown files with field values
- Enhance update_peptides.js with smart merge logic for new fields
- Display what_it_does as prominent full-width hero section
- Display full description as collapsible card below

src/content/peptides/semaglutide.md, after:

---
title: semaglutide
popular_name: "Semaglutide"
developmental_codes: ["Semaglutide", "GLP-1 agonist"]
street_names: ["Semaglutide", "Ozempic", "Wegovy"]
product_names: ["Ozempic", "Wegovy", "Rybelsus"]
description: "Semaglutide is an FDA-approved GLP-1 receptor agonist with 94% structural homology to human GLP-1, manufactured by Novo Nordisk as Ozempic (diabetes, 0.25-2mg weekly injection), Wegovy (obesity, up to 2.4mg weekly injection), and Rybelsus (diabetes, 3-14mg daily oral). Activates GLP-1 receptors in the gastrointestinal tract, pancreas, and brain to reduce appetite, delay gastric emptying, increase insulin release, and lower glucagon secretion. STEP trials demonstrated 14.9-17.4% mean weight loss at 68 weeks (2.4mg dose), with 69-79% achieving ≥10% weight loss. STEP UP trial showed 20.7% weight loss with 7.2mg dose at 72 weeks. SELECT cardiovascular outcomes trial showed 20% reduction in major adverse cardiac events (HR 0.80) in patients with obesity and preexisting cardiovascular disease but without diabetes. FDA-approved March 2024 for reducing cardiovascular death, heart attack, and stroke risk. Also approved for metabolic-associated steatohepatitis (MASH). Most common side effects are gastrointestinal (nausea affecting up to 20%, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation), typically transient and mild-to-moderate. Notable concerns include possible gastroparesis, 85% increased risk of non-arteritic anterior ischemic optic neuropathy (NAION), and thyroid cancer warnings from rodent studies (though human incidence <1%). Available in both injection (89% bioavailability) and oral forms (0.4-1% bioavailability). Gradual titration over 12-16 weeks minimizes gastrointestinal side effects."
short_description: "FDA-approved GLP-1 agonist (Ozempic/Wegovy/Rybelsus) with 15-21% weight loss and 20% cardiovascular risk reduction. Nausea common, NAION risk noted."
benefits: ["Weight loss 14.9-20.7% depending on dose (STEP trials)", "69-79% achieve ≥10% weight loss, 51-64% achieve ≥15%", "20% reduction in major adverse cardiovascular events (SELECT trial)", "Reduced cardiovascular death, heart attack, and stroke risk", "Improved blood glucose control and HbA1c reduction", "Enhanced insulin sensitivity and reduced glucagon", "Delayed gastric emptying and appetite suppression", "Benefits in heart failure patients (HR 0.72 for MACE)", "Metabolic-associated steatohepatitis (MASH) treatment", "Available in oral (Rybelsus) and injectable forms"]
dosage_levels: ["Injectable - Week 1-4: 0.25mg once weekly (subcutaneous)", "Injectable - Week 5-8: 0.5mg once weekly", "Injectable - Week 9-12: 1.0mg once weekly", "Injectable - Week 13+: 2.0mg (Ozempic) or 2.4mg (Wegovy) maximum", "Injectable - Higher dose: 7.2mg weekly (experimental, 20.7% weight loss)", "Oral Rybelsus - Days 1-30: 3mg daily on empty stomach", "Oral Rybelsus - Days 31-60: 7mg daily", "Oral Rybelsus - Day 61+: 14mg daily maximum", "Take oral form with ≤4oz water, wait 30 min before eating", "Gradual titration over 12-16 weeks reduces GI side effects"]
application_methods: ["Subcutaneous injection", "Oral"]
what_it_does: "Semaglutide mimics a hormone called GLP-1 that tells your brain you're full, slows down how fast your stomach empties, and helps your pancreas release insulin. This leads to significant weight loss, better blood sugar control, and reduced risk of heart attacks and strokes."
research: [{ summary: "Wikipedia article", url: "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/semaglutide" }, { summary: "PubMed database search", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/?term=semaglutide" }, { summary: "Clinical trials search", url: "https://clinicaltrials.gov/search?term=semaglutide" }, { summary: "STEP 1 trial weight loss results", url: "https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMoa2032183" }, { summary: "SELECT trial cardiovascular outcomes", url: "https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMoa2307563" }, { summary: "STEP program comprehensive review", url: "https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/00325481.2022.2147326" }, { summary: "NAION vision risk study", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/41104517/" }, { summary: "Carpal tunnel surgery outcomes", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/41105066/" }, { summary: "StatPearls comprehensive review", url: "https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK603723/" }]
tags: ["fat loss", "weight loss", "cardiovascular", "diabetes", "oral", "subcutaneous"]
affiliate_links: []
is_natty: true
created_at: 2025-10-17T08:26:21.285Z
last_updated_at: 2025-10-19T03:36:04.003Z
---
