src/content/peptides/tb-500.md, before:

---
title: tb-500
popular_name: "TB-500"
developmental_codes: ["TB-500", "Thymosin Beta-4", "Tβ4"]
street_names: ["TB-500", "Thymosin Beta", "TB500"]
product_names: ["TB-500 Peptide", "Thymosin Beta-4", "TB-500 Injectable"]
description: "TB-500 is a synthetic 43-amino acid peptide modeled after thymosin beta-4 (Tβ4), a naturally occurring protein found throughout the human body that plays critical roles in tissue regeneration, wound healing, and inflammation modulation. Its primary mechanism involves binding to actin, a protein essential for cell structure and movement, thereby promoting cell migration, angiogenesis (new blood vessel formation), and tissue remodeling. TB-500 has demonstrated significant potential in preclinical studies for accelerating soft tissue repair, enhancing wound closure, improving cardiovascular function post-injury, supporting muscle and tendon recovery, and promoting neuroregeneration. The peptide works by reducing pro-inflammatory cytokines while promoting anti-inflammatory mediators, creating an optimal regenerative environment. Research has shown benefits in cardiac protection following myocardial infarction, enhanced muscle fiber repair after strain or trauma, accelerated dermal and epithelial wound healing with reduced scarring, improved joint flexibility and tendon resilience, and potential neuroprotective effects in models of spinal cord and peripheral nerve injury. However, like BPC-157, TB-500 lacks substantial human clinical trial data and is not FDA-approved for therapeutic use. It is classified as a prohibited substance by the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) and remains designated for research use only. Quality control concerns exist as it is an unregulated compound in most jurisdictions. While animal studies suggest it is generally well-tolerated, comprehensive human safety data is limited."
short_description: "Synthetic peptide based on thymosin beta-4 promoting tissue repair, wound healing, and muscle recovery through actin regulation. Strong animal research, limited human data. Not FDA-approved."
benefits: ["Accelerated wound healing and tissue repair", "Enhanced muscle and tendon recovery", "Improved joint flexibility and mobility", "Powerful anti-inflammatory effects", "Cardiovascular protection and angiogenesis", "Reduced scar tissue formation", "Enhanced post-surgical recovery", "Potential neuroprotective and regenerative effects", "Improved blood vessel formation", "Faster recovery from soft tissue injuries"]
dosage_levels: ["Subcutaneous - Loading Phase: 2-2.5mg twice weekly for 4-6 weeks", "Subcutaneous - Maintenance: 2mg once weekly or 5mg every 2 weeks", "Subcutaneous - Acute Injury: 2.5mg twice weekly for 2-4 weeks, then reduce", "Can be combined with BPC-157 for enhanced tissue repair", "Typical cycle: 4-8 weeks loading, followed by maintenance or off-period", "Inject subcutaneously in abdomen, thigh, or near injury site", "Reconstitute with bacteriostatic water, store refrigerated 2-8°C", "Use within 30 days after reconstitution"]
research: [{ summary: "Wikipedia article on Thymosin beta-4", url: "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thymosin_beta-4" }, { summary: "PubMed database search", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/?term=thymosin+beta-4" }, { summary: "Clinical trials search", url: "https://clinicaltrials.gov/search?term=thymosin+beta-4" }, { summary: "Wound healing research", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/29693726/" }, { summary: "Cardiovascular protection study", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/17329404/" }, { summary: "Tissue repair mechanisms", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/18363588/" }, { summary: "Muscle regeneration research", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/20625191/" }, { summary: "Angiogenesis effects study", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/15331595/" }, { summary: "Neuroprotection study", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/21411663/" }]
tags: ["healing", "recovery", "tissue repair", "anti-inflammatory", "injectable", "subcutaneous"]
affiliate_links: []
is_natty: true
created_at: 2025-10-19T08:00:00.000Z
last_updated_at: 2025-10-19T08:00:00.000Z
---

Commit message:

Add application_methods and what_it_does fields to peptides
- Add application_methods array field for delivery methods (oral, subcutaneous, intramuscular)
- Add what_it_does string field for layman's explanation of peptide effects
- Update schema, TypeScript interface, and UI components
- Update all 11 peptide markdown files with field values
- Enhance update_peptides.js with smart merge logic for new fields
- Display what_it_does as prominent full-width hero section
- Display full description as collapsible card below

src/content/peptides/tb-500.md, after:

---
title: tb-500
popular_name: "TB-500"
developmental_codes: ["TB-500", "Thymosin Beta-4", "Tβ4"]
street_names: ["TB-500", "Thymosin Beta", "TB500"]
product_names: ["TB-500 Peptide", "Thymosin Beta-4", "TB-500 Injectable"]
description: "TB-500 is a synthetic 43-amino acid peptide modeled after thymosin beta-4 (Tβ4), a naturally occurring protein found throughout the human body that plays critical roles in tissue regeneration, wound healing, and inflammation modulation. Its primary mechanism involves binding to actin, a protein essential for cell structure and movement, thereby promoting cell migration, angiogenesis (new blood vessel formation), and tissue remodeling. TB-500 has demonstrated significant potential in preclinical studies for accelerating soft tissue repair, enhancing wound closure, improving cardiovascular function post-injury, supporting muscle and tendon recovery, and promoting neuroregeneration. The peptide works by reducing pro-inflammatory cytokines while promoting anti-inflammatory mediators, creating an optimal regenerative environment. Research has shown benefits in cardiac protection following myocardial infarction, enhanced muscle fiber repair after strain or trauma, accelerated dermal and epithelial wound healing with reduced scarring, improved joint flexibility and tendon resilience, and potential neuroprotective effects in models of spinal cord and peripheral nerve injury. However, like BPC-157, TB-500 lacks substantial human clinical trial data and is not FDA-approved for therapeutic use. It is classified as a prohibited substance by the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) and remains designated for research use only. Quality control concerns exist as it is an unregulated compound in most jurisdictions. While animal studies suggest it is generally well-tolerated, comprehensive human safety data is limited."
short_description: "Synthetic peptide based on thymosin beta-4 promoting tissue repair, wound healing, and muscle recovery through actin regulation. Strong animal research, limited human data. Not FDA-approved."
benefits: ["Accelerated wound healing and tissue repair", "Enhanced muscle and tendon recovery", "Improved joint flexibility and mobility", "Powerful anti-inflammatory effects", "Cardiovascular protection and angiogenesis", "Reduced scar tissue formation", "Enhanced post-surgical recovery", "Potential neuroprotective and regenerative effects", "Improved blood vessel formation", "Faster recovery from soft tissue injuries"]
dosage_levels: ["Subcutaneous - Loading Phase: 2-2.5mg twice weekly for 4-6 weeks", "Subcutaneous - Maintenance: 2mg once weekly or 5mg every 2 weeks", "Subcutaneous - Acute Injury: 2.5mg twice weekly for 2-4 weeks, then reduce", "Can be combined with BPC-157 for enhanced tissue repair", "Typical cycle: 4-8 weeks loading, followed by maintenance or off-period", "Inject subcutaneously in abdomen, thigh, or near injury site", "Reconstitute with bacteriostatic water, store refrigerated 2-8°C", "Use within 30 days after reconstitution"]
application_methods: ["Subcutaneous injection"]
what_it_does: "TB-500 binds to actin proteins in your cells to promote cell movement and tissue repair. It enhances wound healing, reduces inflammation, and helps grow new blood vessels, making it particularly useful for recovering from injuries to muscles, tendons, and other soft tissues."
research: [{ summary: "Wikipedia article on Thymosin beta-4", url: "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thymosin_beta-4" }, { summary: "PubMed database search", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/?term=thymosin+beta-4" }, { summary: "Clinical trials search", url: "https://clinicaltrials.gov/search?term=thymosin+beta-4" }, { summary: "Wound healing research", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/29693726/" }, { summary: "Cardiovascular protection study", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/17329404/" }, { summary: "Tissue repair mechanisms", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/18363588/" }, { summary: "Muscle regeneration research", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/20625191/" }, { summary: "Angiogenesis effects study", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/15331595/" }, { summary: "Neuroprotection study", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/21411663/" }]
tags: ["healing", "recovery", "tissue repair", "anti-inflammatory", "injectable", "subcutaneous"]
affiliate_links: []
is_natty: true
created_at: 2025-10-19T08:00:00.000Z
last_updated_at: 2025-10-19T08:00:00.000Z
---
