src/content/peptides/tirzepatide.md, before:

---
title: tirzepatide
popular_name: "Tirzepatide"
developmental_codes: ["Tirzepatide", "GIP/GLP-1 dual agonist"]
street_names: ["Tirzepatide", "Mounjaro", "Zepbound"]
product_names: ["Mounjaro", "Zepbound"]
description: "Tirzepatide is an FDA-approved dual GIP/GLP-1 receptor agonist manufactured by Eli Lilly as Mounjaro (type 2 diabetes, 2.5-15mg weekly) and Zepbound (obesity and obstructive sleep apnea, 2.5-15mg weekly). Unique imbalanced agonist with greater GIP receptor engagement than GLP-1, plus biased GLP-1 agonism favoring cAMP generation over β-arrestin recruitment, enhancing insulin secretion. SURMOUNT trials demonstrated exceptional weight loss: 20.9% at 72 weeks (15mg dose), with 50-57% of participants achieving ≥20% weight loss. SURMOUNT-4 showed 25.3% mean weight reduction long-term. Unprecedented diabetes efficacy in SURPASS trials with HbA1c reductions of 1.9-2.6% and weight loss of 6.6-13.9kg, superior to semaglutide 1mg. December 2024 FDA approval as first medication for moderate-to-severe obstructive sleep apnea in adults with obesity, reducing breathing disruptions by 25-29 per hour (5x more effective than placebo). Cardiovascular meta-analysis showed HR 0.80 for MACE-4, with SURPASS-4 showing HR 0.50 at 15mg dose. Common side effects are gastrointestinal (nausea, vomiting, diarrhea 16.24% vs 8.63% placebo), typically mild-to-moderate, transient, occurring during dose escalation. 2024 systematic review found no association with pancreatitis. Gradual titration every 4 weeks (2.5mg steps) minimizes adverse events. Available in 6 strengths: 2.5mg, 5mg, 7.5mg, 10mg, 12.5mg, 15mg."
short_description: "FDA-approved dual GIP/GLP-1 agonist (Mounjaro/Zepbound) with superior 21% weight loss, first OSA medication, excellent diabetes control. GI side effects common."
benefits: ["Superior weight loss: 20.9% at 72 weeks (SURMOUNT-1, 15mg dose)", "50-57% of participants achieve ≥20% weight loss", "Long-term efficacy: 25.3% mean weight reduction (SURMOUNT-4)", "Unprecedented HbA1c reduction: 1.9-2.6% in SURPASS trials", "Superior to semaglutide 1mg for diabetes and weight loss", "First FDA-approved medication for moderate-to-severe OSA (Dec 2024)", "OSA: 25-29 fewer breathing disruptions/hour (5x better than placebo)", "50% of patients no longer have OSA symptoms after 1 year", "Cardiovascular protection: HR 0.50 for MACE at 15mg (SURPASS-4)", "Systolic blood pressure reduction: 2.8-12.6 mmHg"]
dosage_levels: ["Week 1-4: 2.5mg once weekly (subcutaneous, starting dose)", "Week 5-8: 5.0mg once weekly", "Week 9-12: 7.5mg once weekly (optional step)", "Week 13-16: 10mg once weekly", "Week 17-20: 12.5mg once weekly (optional step)", "Week 21+: 15mg once weekly (maximum dose)", "Escalate by 2.5mg every 4 weeks minimum", "Maintenance: 5mg, 10mg, or 15mg based on response/tolerability", "Available strengths: 2.5, 5, 7.5, 10, 12.5, 15mg per 0.5mL", "Do not increase faster than 2.5mg per 4 weeks"]
research: [{ summary: "Wikipedia article", url: "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tirzepatide" }, { summary: "PubMed database search", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/?term=tirzepatide" }, { summary: "Clinical trials search", url: "https://clinicaltrials.gov/search?term=tirzepatide" }, { summary: "SURMOUNT-1 trial published in NEJM", url: "https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMoa2206038" }, { summary: "Tirzepatide vs semaglutide comparison in NEJM", url: "https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMoa2416394" }, { summary: "SURMOUNT-3 trial results", url: "https://www.nature.com/articles/s41591-023-02597-w" }, { summary: "Heart failure meta-analysis", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/41100405/" }, { summary: "Cost-effectiveness analysis", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/41098876/" }, { summary: "StatPearls comprehensive review", url: "https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK585056/" }, { summary: "Cardiovascular outcomes meta-analysis", url: "https://www.nature.com/articles/s41591-022-01707-4" }]
tags: ["fat loss", "weight loss", "diabetes", "cardiovascular", "sleep apnea", "subcutaneous"]
affiliate_links: []
is_natty: true
created_at: 2025-10-17T08:26:21.286Z
last_updated_at: 2025-10-19T03:36:07.759Z
---

Commit message:

Add application_methods and what_it_does fields to peptides
- Add application_methods array field for delivery methods (oral, subcutaneous, intramuscular)
- Add what_it_does string field for layman's explanation of peptide effects
- Update schema, TypeScript interface, and UI components
- Update all 11 peptide markdown files with field values
- Enhance update_peptides.js with smart merge logic for new fields
- Display what_it_does as prominent full-width hero section
- Display full description as collapsible card below

src/content/peptides/tirzepatide.md, after:

---
title: tirzepatide
popular_name: "Tirzepatide"
developmental_codes: ["Tirzepatide", "GIP/GLP-1 dual agonist"]
street_names: ["Tirzepatide", "Mounjaro", "Zepbound"]
product_names: ["Mounjaro", "Zepbound"]
description: "Tirzepatide is an FDA-approved dual GIP/GLP-1 receptor agonist manufactured by Eli Lilly as Mounjaro (type 2 diabetes, 2.5-15mg weekly) and Zepbound (obesity and obstructive sleep apnea, 2.5-15mg weekly). Unique imbalanced agonist with greater GIP receptor engagement than GLP-1, plus biased GLP-1 agonism favoring cAMP generation over β-arrestin recruitment, enhancing insulin secretion. SURMOUNT trials demonstrated exceptional weight loss: 20.9% at 72 weeks (15mg dose), with 50-57% of participants achieving ≥20% weight loss. SURMOUNT-4 showed 25.3% mean weight reduction long-term. Unprecedented diabetes efficacy in SURPASS trials with HbA1c reductions of 1.9-2.6% and weight loss of 6.6-13.9kg, superior to semaglutide 1mg. December 2024 FDA approval as first medication for moderate-to-severe obstructive sleep apnea in adults with obesity, reducing breathing disruptions by 25-29 per hour (5x more effective than placebo). Cardiovascular meta-analysis showed HR 0.80 for MACE-4, with SURPASS-4 showing HR 0.50 at 15mg dose. Common side effects are gastrointestinal (nausea, vomiting, diarrhea 16.24% vs 8.63% placebo), typically mild-to-moderate, transient, occurring during dose escalation. 2024 systematic review found no association with pancreatitis. Gradual titration every 4 weeks (2.5mg steps) minimizes adverse events. Available in 6 strengths: 2.5mg, 5mg, 7.5mg, 10mg, 12.5mg, 15mg."
short_description: "FDA-approved dual GIP/GLP-1 agonist (Mounjaro/Zepbound) with superior 21% weight loss, first OSA medication, excellent diabetes control. GI side effects common."
benefits: ["Superior weight loss: 20.9% at 72 weeks (SURMOUNT-1, 15mg dose)", "50-57% of participants achieve ≥20% weight loss", "Long-term efficacy: 25.3% mean weight reduction (SURMOUNT-4)", "Unprecedented HbA1c reduction: 1.9-2.6% in SURPASS trials", "Superior to semaglutide 1mg for diabetes and weight loss", "First FDA-approved medication for moderate-to-severe OSA (Dec 2024)", "OSA: 25-29 fewer breathing disruptions/hour (5x better than placebo)", "50% of patients no longer have OSA symptoms after 1 year", "Cardiovascular protection: HR 0.50 for MACE at 15mg (SURPASS-4)", "Systolic blood pressure reduction: 2.8-12.6 mmHg"]
dosage_levels: ["Week 1-4: 2.5mg once weekly (subcutaneous, starting dose)", "Week 5-8: 5.0mg once weekly", "Week 9-12: 7.5mg once weekly (optional step)", "Week 13-16: 10mg once weekly", "Week 17-20: 12.5mg once weekly (optional step)", "Week 21+: 15mg once weekly (maximum dose)", "Escalate by 2.5mg every 4 weeks minimum", "Maintenance: 5mg, 10mg, or 15mg based on response/tolerability", "Available strengths: 2.5, 5, 7.5, 10, 12.5, 15mg per 0.5mL", "Do not increase faster than 2.5mg per 4 weeks"]
application_methods: ["Subcutaneous injection"]
what_it_does: "Tirzepatide activates two hormones that control blood sugar and appetite, making you feel fuller longer and helping your body process sugar better. This leads to significant weight loss and improved diabetes control, with the added benefit of reducing sleep apnea symptoms."
research: [{ summary: "Wikipedia article", url: "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tirzepatide" }, { summary: "PubMed database search", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/?term=tirzepatide" }, { summary: "Clinical trials search", url: "https://clinicaltrials.gov/search?term=tirzepatide" }, { summary: "SURMOUNT-1 trial published in NEJM", url: "https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMoa2206038" }, { summary: "Tirzepatide vs semaglutide comparison in NEJM", url: "https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMoa2416394" }, { summary: "SURMOUNT-3 trial results", url: "https://www.nature.com/articles/s41591-023-02597-w" }, { summary: "Heart failure meta-analysis", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/41100405/" }, { summary: "Cost-effectiveness analysis", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/41098876/" }, { summary: "StatPearls comprehensive review", url: "https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK585056/" }, { summary: "Cardiovascular outcomes meta-analysis", url: "https://www.nature.com/articles/s41591-022-01707-4" }]
tags: ["fat loss", "weight loss", "diabetes", "cardiovascular", "sleep apnea", "subcutaneous"]
affiliate_links: []
is_natty: true
created_at: 2025-10-17T08:26:21.286Z
last_updated_at: 2025-10-19T03:36:07.759Z
---
