src/content/peptides/vosilasarm.md, before:

---
title: vosilasarm
popular_name: "RAD140"
developmental_codes: ["RAD140", "EP0062", "Vosilasarm"]
street_names: ["RAD140", "Testolone", "Testalone"]
product_names: ["Vosilasarm", "EP0062"]
description: "Vosilasarm (RAD140/EP0062) is a selective androgen receptor modulator (SARM) originally developed by Radius Health, now under development by Ellipses Pharma for hormone-sensitive breast cancer (AR+/ER+/HER2-). Potent, orally-active, nonsteroidal SARM with high androgen receptor affinity (Ki = 7 nM vs 29 nM for testosterone). Exhibits tissue-selective activity: acts as agonist in skeletal muscle and bone (anabolic effects), but antagonist in prostate and breasts (blocking AR activation and cellular proliferation). EP0062 reformulation shows markedly improved bioavailability versus original RAD140. Clinical trials in breast cancer demonstrated 58% stable disease rate and 21% clinical benefit rate at ≥6 months, with marked CA15-3 suppression in 26% of heavily pre-treated patients. Maximum tolerated dose 100mg daily, with 10mg BID selected as optimal Phase 2 dose. Originally developed for sarcopenia, osteoporosis, and cancer cachexia but development discontinued for these indications. Preclinical data showed 90% anabolic potency of testosterone and >10% weight gain in 28 days at 0.1mg/kg in primates. Concerning safety profile includes documented liver toxicity cases, elevated liver enzymes, 50% testosterone suppression in primates, and negative impacts on skeletal muscle adaptation, frailty, and mortality risk in animal studies. Not FDA-approved; investigational use only in clinical trials. Banned by WADA and illegal for non-medical use in many jurisdictions. Black market products (5-30mg daily doses) pose significant health risks with unknown purity and contaminants."
short_description: "SARM (RAD140) for breast cancer trials. Tissue-selective AR modulator. Liver toxicity risk, testosterone suppression. Not FDA-approved, banned in sports."
benefits: ["High androgen receptor affinity (Ki = 7 nM)", "Tissue-selective: anabolic in muscle/bone, anti-proliferative in breast", "Clinical benefit in 21% of heavily pre-treated breast cancer patients", "58% stable disease rate in breast cancer trials", "26% showed marked CA15-3 tumor marker suppression", "90% as anabolic as testosterone in preclinical studies", ">10% weight gain in 28 days in primate models (0.1mg/kg)", "Oral administration (no injections)", "Good selectivity over other steroid hormone receptors", "Reformulated EP0062 has improved bioavailability"]
dosage_levels: ["Clinical trials (breast cancer): 50-150mg daily oral", "Maximum tolerated dose: 100mg daily", "Phase 2 recommended dose: 10mg twice daily (20mg total)", "Black market use (not recommended): 5-30mg daily", "Note: Non-medical use is illegal and dangerous", "Clinical dosing should only be under medical supervision", "Liver function monitoring required during use"]
research: [{ summary: "Wikipedia article", url: "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vosilasarm" }, { summary: "PubMed database search", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/?term=vosilasarm" }, { summary: "Clinical trials search", url: "https://clinicaltrials.gov/search?term=vosilasarm" }, { summary: "Breast cancer phase 1/2 trial", url: "https://clinicaltrials.gov/study/NCT05573126" }, { summary: "Liver toxicity case reports", url: "https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC7049679/" }, { summary: "Negative muscle effects in mice study", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/37758180/" }, { summary: "Mechanism and preclinical data", url: "https://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/ml1002508" }, { summary: "Breast cancer mechanism research", url: "https://aacrjournals.org/clincancerres/article/23/24/7608/79963/" }]
tags: ["sarm", "muscle gain", "breast cancer", "oral"]
affiliate_links: []
is_natty: false
created_at: 2025-10-19T08:00:00.000Z
last_updated_at: 2025-10-19T08:00:00.000Z
---

Commit message:

Add application_methods and what_it_does fields to peptides
- Add application_methods array field for delivery methods (oral, subcutaneous, intramuscular)
- Add what_it_does string field for layman's explanation of peptide effects
- Update schema, TypeScript interface, and UI components
- Update all 11 peptide markdown files with field values
- Enhance update_peptides.js with smart merge logic for new fields
- Display what_it_does as prominent full-width hero section
- Display full description as collapsible card below

src/content/peptides/vosilasarm.md, after:

---
title: vosilasarm
popular_name: "RAD140"
developmental_codes: ["RAD140", "EP0062", "Vosilasarm"]
street_names: ["RAD140", "Testolone", "Testalone"]
product_names: ["Vosilasarm", "EP0062"]
description: "Vosilasarm (RAD140/EP0062) is a selective androgen receptor modulator (SARM) originally developed by Radius Health, now under development by Ellipses Pharma for hormone-sensitive breast cancer (AR+/ER+/HER2-). Potent, orally-active, nonsteroidal SARM with high androgen receptor affinity (Ki = 7 nM vs 29 nM for testosterone). Exhibits tissue-selective activity: acts as agonist in skeletal muscle and bone (anabolic effects), but antagonist in prostate and breasts (blocking AR activation and cellular proliferation). EP0062 reformulation shows markedly improved bioavailability versus original RAD140. Clinical trials in breast cancer demonstrated 58% stable disease rate and 21% clinical benefit rate at ≥6 months, with marked CA15-3 suppression in 26% of heavily pre-treated patients. Maximum tolerated dose 100mg daily, with 10mg BID selected as optimal Phase 2 dose. Originally developed for sarcopenia, osteoporosis, and cancer cachexia but development discontinued for these indications. Preclinical data showed 90% anabolic potency of testosterone and >10% weight gain in 28 days at 0.1mg/kg in primates. Concerning safety profile includes documented liver toxicity cases, elevated liver enzymes, 50% testosterone suppression in primates, and negative impacts on skeletal muscle adaptation, frailty, and mortality risk in animal studies. Not FDA-approved; investigational use only in clinical trials. Banned by WADA and illegal for non-medical use in many jurisdictions. Black market products (5-30mg daily doses) pose significant health risks with unknown purity and contaminants."
short_description: "SARM (RAD140) for breast cancer trials. Tissue-selective AR modulator. Liver toxicity risk, testosterone suppression. Not FDA-approved, banned in sports."
benefits: ["High androgen receptor affinity (Ki = 7 nM)", "Tissue-selective: anabolic in muscle/bone, anti-proliferative in breast", "Clinical benefit in 21% of heavily pre-treated breast cancer patients", "58% stable disease rate in breast cancer trials", "26% showed marked CA15-3 tumor marker suppression", "90% as anabolic as testosterone in preclinical studies", ">10% weight gain in 28 days in primate models (0.1mg/kg)", "Oral administration (no injections)", "Good selectivity over other steroid hormone receptors", "Reformulated EP0062 has improved bioavailability"]
dosage_levels: ["Clinical trials (breast cancer): 50-150mg daily oral", "Maximum tolerated dose: 100mg daily", "Phase 2 recommended dose: 10mg twice daily (20mg total)", "Black market use (not recommended): 5-30mg daily", "Note: Non-medical use is illegal and dangerous", "Clinical dosing should only be under medical supervision", "Liver function monitoring required during use"]
application_methods: ["Oral"]
what_it_does: "Vosilasarm selectively activates androgen receptors in muscles and bones to build lean mass while blocking these receptors in breast and prostate tissue. It's primarily being studied for breast cancer treatment, but carries significant risks including liver damage and testosterone suppression."
research: [{ summary: "Wikipedia article", url: "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vosilasarm" }, { summary: "PubMed database search", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/?term=vosilasarm" }, { summary: "Clinical trials search", url: "https://clinicaltrials.gov/search?term=vosilasarm" }, { summary: "Breast cancer phase 1/2 trial", url: "https://clinicaltrials.gov/study/NCT05573126" }, { summary: "Liver toxicity case reports", url: "https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC7049679/" }, { summary: "Negative muscle effects in mice study", url: "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/37758180/" }, { summary: "Mechanism and preclinical data", url: "https://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/ml1002508" }, { summary: "Breast cancer mechanism research", url: "https://aacrjournals.org/clincancerres/article/23/24/7608/79963/" }]
tags: ["sarm", "muscle gain", "breast cancer", "oral"]
affiliate_links: []
is_natty: false
created_at: 2025-10-19T08:00:00.000Z
last_updated_at: 2025-10-19T08:00:00.000Z
---
